Topic: a novel string-to-string distance measure with applications to machine translation evaluation
Generate: this article describes a stringtostring measure of automatic evaluation criterion for automatic evaluation of machine translation. the evaluation criterion on the development is evaluated on the correlation of machine translation (mt) systems.
Year: 2003    Authority: 161

Topic: e-services translation utilizing machine translation and translation memory
Generate: a machine translation. the problem is a system for a target language is generated from the target language is a translation of a source language is a translation of the target language, a target language, the translation model of the source text input and a source translation of the source text in the target language is a translation engine is generated from a target language to a target language, a target language to the translation of the source text in the target language, the input is more than the target language, the system can be used to be translated to a target language, a translation model to the translation output of a target language is a translation of the input and a target language, the system is generated from the target language is generated from a translation of a source language is generated by the target language and a translation system for a source language, a target language, the proposed approach can also show the effectiveness between the translation of a translation of a translation of the source and target language, a translation system is evaluated from the translation output of the translation of a target language is generated from the translation output of a translation of a translation output of the source sentence to a target language with a translation output of the translation quality on a translation engine in the source language to the translation of the source and target language, the input and the target language is generated by a target language, a translation is used to be more than the translation of the input sentence to be used to the translation quality of the source and target language data from a source sentence to be used to the target language and a target language, a translation
Year: 2011    Authority: 52

Topic: using lexicalized tags for machine translation
Generate: this article is a new approach for machine translation. the quality problem is provided. that are often being used in isolation from the source language is possible to be trained on a large body of the quality between a large number between target language. we present an automatic machine translation system is a large number between a large number of words to be trained with a variety of parallel corpora are available.
Year: 1990    Authority: 102

Topic: purest ever example-based machine translation: detailed presentation and assessment
Generate: this year, is a survey of the development of the development of a variety between parallel corpora. we propose a new paradigm to the use between a large amount of the source and the most commonly often the first work in a novel statistical network of a large amount between the same language to the problem and english of the most probable corpus. which allows us by using the same genuine pair of a source language pair of a pair of a large amount between the english and english data and the first time that are used in the source and target language pairs. we also compare the results of a stateoftheart mt quality of the source and target language. our method is not fully used to be used for the target language. we also show the effectiveness between a large number of sentences from the source language and a new corpus. in the task and the first time is not fully not not only
Year: 2007    Authority: 68

Topic: word reordering and a dynamic programming beam search algorithm for statistical machine translation
Generate: we present a new paradigm that is a statistical machine translation system utilizes a polynomialtime of the source language and the translation model that uses statistical mt system. the results show the search system utilizes the translation model for a translation system is used to be used to generate the nist 2003 mt05 and translation quality on a translation task.
Year: 2003    Authority: 164

Topic: word sense disambiguation vs. statistical machine translation
Generate: in this paper, this paper presents the system is a novel approach to a statistical machine translation (smt) system is a new paradigm in this paper we describe a novel approach for a new set between the translation and target translation task. we present a novel approach for statistical machine translation. the search system is a significant improvements in the nist 2003 translation task. we show how the results show the system is proposed for translation quality.
Year: 2005    Authority: 149

Topic: a matching technique in example-based machine translation
Generate: this paper describes the problem of statistical machine translation (mt) is a new paradigm for a certain mt system includes the lexicalsemantic method of the celex and a number between the translation quality. the proposed method can be used to generate the other is used to be presented.
Year: 1994    Authority: 100

Topic: generation-heavy hybrid machine translation
Generate: this paper describes the first problem for machine translation. the development is based in translation and a set of l...
Year: 2002    Authority: 81

Topic: can crowds build parallel corpora for machine translation systems?
Generate: in recent years. we present a novel approach to the problem of a large amount between source language pairs. and the most of the art adaptation for statistical mt systems are treated in a large scale corpus of parallel corpora. we propose an efficient and efficient translation model for the source language into the source language is used in english and english sentences.
Year: 2010    Authority: 59

Topic: cohesive phrase-based decoding for statistical machine translation
Generate: in this paper, a novel statistical approach for statistical statistical machine translation. this paper presents the new model of statistical machine translation models using reordering models that are used for statistical translation model and a translation model that can achieve stateoftheart performance in the target language model 4 are obtained and the translation model and translation model on the translation quality of the source and test corpora in the test sets in a source language. experimental result of the source language is learned in a source language model on a chinesetoenglish translation model for the target language pairs of a translation model for each test sets over the best translation and a large test corpus
Year: 2008    Authority: 64

Topic: on the properties of neural machine translation: encoder-decoder approaches
Generate: we describe a neural machine translation. in this model, we describe a novel neural machine translation. we present a novel approach for neural machine translation that uses a neural machine translation model that are a novel approach to incorporate a new approach for a novel neural network with a novel neural network model on the source language word and an efficient translation models with a neural mt system that is a simple of a source sentence, the neural machine translation. the neural mt system to a new approach is capable of a source and a new model to improve on the target language. our approach is capable and the model on a large number between a large neural mt system on a large neural machine translation.
Year: 2014    Authority: 467

Topic: a comparative study on reordering constraints in statistical machine translation
Generate: this article presents a statistical statistical machine translation, the system utilizes the search problem is a system for runtime in the translation task. the search problem are permitted, the search problem are permitted, a translation task. we present a novel statistical translation system that the search algorithm is an improvement of a set between a translation task.
Year: 2003    Authority: 157

Topic: a probabilistic approach to syntax-based reordering for statistical machine translation
Generate: in statistical machine translation, this article describes how to measure the problem of parallel data from the statistical machine translation (smt). this paper describes a statistical statistical approach to measure translation and translation quality of a translation model for the source and target language text.
Year: 2007    Authority: 103

Topic: cross-lingual ontology mapping – an investigation of the impact of machine translation
Generate: this article describes a new approach for machine translation. in order to improve machine translation systems for english language pairs are not not only only evaluated are very significant improvement in the form between english of the art quality estimation of mt evaluation campaign,
Year: 2009    Authority: 64

Topic: an example-based method for transfer-driven machine translation
Generate: the machine translation. this paper presents the method is based on statistical approaches for statistical machine translation (smt) that can be used to generate a large number of candidate translation and a new paradigm
Year: 1992    Authority: 102

Topic: online learning for interactive statistical machine translation
Generate: the statistical machine translation. the translation model is used for statistical translation models is used in smt. this is not been done in the translation quality of the translation tasks.
Year: 2010    Authority: 57

Topic: a finite-state approach to machine translation
Generate: this paper presents the results for a new statistical statistical machine translation (smt) of machine translation. this is a very significant improvement for statistical mt system is presented.
Year: 2001    Authority: 84

Topic: machine translation with a stochastic grammatical channel
Generate: in statistical statistical approaches to a machine translation. a translation hypothesis for a translation hypothesis is a translation of the translation hypothesis can help which the grammar of a set of source and the target language text. this paper, a new paradigm to be trained on a translation model to the target language, we show how to improve mt performance for a set between a pair between a translation model. the proposed approach achieves significant improvements over a translation system.
Year: 1998    Authority: 131

Topic: syntactic preprocessing for statistical machine translation
Generate: we present an approach for statistical machine translation. the model is based on a maximum entropy set of parallel corpora for a source language models are also used to generate the source language model in a target language is used for smt.
Year: 2007    Authority: 75

Topic: towards the use of word stems and suffixes for statistical machine translation
Generate: in this paper, we propose a new method for a machine translation. we present a novel approach to generate a statistical statistical mt model for a translation model for statistical mt system is based for translation of a source sentence in a target language is not fully used to generate a large amount between source language and target domain pairs and a set between source language and the translation quality of the training and target language. the model is evaluated on the nist test corpus.
Year: 2007    Authority: 75

Topic: word-sense disambiguation for machine translation
Generate: we present a new model that is a new paradigm to determine the word sense disambiguation system that uses a word sense disambiguation system is to be treated for machine translation. but we present experiments on a maximum entropy model that can be trained on the translation of the translation quality on the translation quality on a large supply task and targettosource translation.
Year: 2005    Authority: 144

Topic: multi-engine machine translation guided by explicit word matching
Generate: in this paper presents the system is to determine the most program a set between the source and target language, the first work is a system that is to be trained on a set of parallel data to the translation of the source and the target language pairs is used in a pair between a pair of a translation is a very small number of parallel corpora for each language is used in order at the translation and the translation of a translation system. the system can also show that a set between the translation quality in a machine translation system.
Year: 2005    Authority: 108

Topic: cross-lingual ontology mapping --- an investigation of the impact of machine translation
Generate: we propose a novel machine translation. machine translation. we also use a new method for the evaluation of a sentence in the first work in the evaluation of the evaluation of the human judgments. we use the translation model based on a large number of candidate translations of words in a set of reference translation and the translation score are evaluated on the nist test sets of a large number of test set are evaluated on a set between other and translation quality of translation quality.
Year: 2009    Authority: 66

Topic: using multiple edit distances to automatically rank machine translation output
Generate: we present an approach for machine translation (mt) systems for the machine translation system that allow a new paradigm in the target language or a set of human translation from a set of parallel data from the target language, which is a significant improvement of a set between the original or neutral of a pair between the source and target language, we also demonstrate the proposed method can achieve stateoftheart mt evaluation metrics to english and test data set of a set between the original mt quality and then evaluated the translation of a set of candidate translation tasks.
Year: 2001    Authority: 92

Topic: syntax-based language models for machine translation
Generate: in recent years. in this paper, a novel approach for a statistical mt based on a new paradigm to a new word is to improve the model is a new approach to the translation of the word and the translation is based in a new word alignment models with a large number of candidate translation models is a significant improvement in a variety between a word sense disambiguation significant improvements for the target language pairs of a large scale corpus is shown with the translation and target language is based in a large scale corpus of the source and target language. we also show the proposed approach achieves a significant improvement of the art word posterior probabilities the proposed method is proposed to the translation model is based on a large supply of the best language pairs.
Year: 2003    Authority: 83

Topic: reordering constraints for phrase-based statistical machine translation
Generate: we describe a new approach to a statistical statistical machine translation. we describe a new approach to measure these models are trained using a polynomialtime search model which extends a baseline system improves translation quality over the translation model and the search algorithm is introduced, and the itg constraints. the search algorithm to the other system can achieve stateoftheart models that permits the search model on the canadian hansards. for the target language. we show the search algorithm to generate a baseline system to the search translation quality on the nist mt05 and test than a baseline system and a translation model for a set between parallel corpora and a set between parallel data and a set of mira to the translation task.
Year: 2004    Authority: 149

Topic: robust machine translation evaluation with entailment features
Generate: we propose an approach for machine translation (mt) systems by combining the translation evaluation metrics, we also use a novel approach for the target language pairs of the translations of the translations of the art translations of the translations and the translation quality metric that were evaluated on the translations of a set between the art translations on a set between the acl07 mt evaluation and the translation quality metric that are evaluated using an evaluation metrics.
Year: 2009    Authority: 66

Topic: maxsim: a maximum similarity metric for machine translation evaluation
Generate: we present an automatic machine translation (smt) that can be trained in the development of a translation hypothesis that are used to improve mt evaluation can translate with the translation score and a large scale we report the system that are presented. we show the effectiveness between a sentence but we use a new score in the acl07 mt evaluation metrics.
Year: 2008    Authority: 70

Topic: language model adaptation for statistical machine translation based on information retrieval
Generate: in statistical machine translation systems has a new approach to the translation of a translation from a source language, a translation hypothesis in a source language, we present a novel approach for machine translation. this maxentbased word reordering from the source language and target language pairs on a translation of the source language model and the source and the target language is used to train from a translation model for the source language is extracted in the source language and the translation of a translation of a translation of the target language, we also show that a translation of the translation and the translation model which is used to improve data from a source language model to the translation and target language into the training data sets of the training data. we also show the method and a translation model that are used to improve performance and compared with a stateoftheart language model to english and translation model over a stateoftheart phrasebased translation quality and the best results show that our approach performs better than a stateoftheart translation and model that are obtained on a stateoftheart language models with the translation model and the translation quality show that our approach performs better than a translation model for translation from a stateoftheart machine translation and a baseline methods.
Year: 2004    Authority: 79

Topic: translation system, translation communication system, machine translation method, and medium embodying program
Generate: a translation task, the system includes the translation of a source language, a translation engine is a translation of a translation engine for the target language to the target language and the translation server of a translation engine of a translation section of the source language, and a translation of the target language text. the translation engine of a translation engine and the translation of the target language is a translation of the translation output and a target language, a translation job queue translation section of a translation of a translation engine is a translation task, the translation is output from the target language, the system includes the translation server and a translation of the target language is one of a translation engine from the source and target language, the core translation engine can help at a translation engine and the output of a translation of the translation server from the translation engine and the translation output of the target language is generated from the source language and a translation of a translation of a translation engine is translated with the target language is translated in a source language is translated into a source language is one of a translation of a translation of a source language, the translation output of a translation section of the translation output and a translation engine is a system in a source language translation server in the same translation of a translation of the source and target language, the translation is output from the translation engine and a source language is a translation engine is translated by a source language is generated from a source language, a translation job queue window
Year: 2006    Authority: 79

Topic: 462 machine translation systems for europe
Generate: in this paper, a new approach for a translation task of a translation task for machine translation (mt) systems for a translation tasks in a translation task for a language pairs of the translation quality of a translation task and a large number between the translation tasks of the source language pairs of the source language pairs and the quality between source language pairs and the same mt evaluation and the same corpus from the translation and test corpus and a translation model that is trained on the translation quality of a translation task and the quality between the source language and target language pairs, we use the quality of translation quality on a translation task for the translation tasks and test corpus.
Year: 2009    Authority: 65

Topic: following directions using statistical machine translation
Generate: this paper describes the problem of machine translation. this article introduces a new paradigm for statistical translation system is used to generate translation quality.
Year: 2010    Authority: 108

Topic: word-dependent transition models in hmm based word alignment for statistical machine translation
Generate: in this paper, we propose an approach for statistical machine translation (smt). we present a new approach to a new model for word reordering model to a word alignment model for a target language models with a target language. experiments on word reordering is learned from a target language. the proposed model is proposed for translation model for a target language. we also show that the proposed approach significantly outperforms the best baseline system.
Year: 2011    Authority: 75

Topic: active learning and crowdsourcing for machine translation in low resource scenarios
Generate: reacttext 555 we present an automatic approach for machine translation. we present an automatic translation model for statistical machine translation (mt) system that allows for translation and translation quality from one translation quality.
Year: 2012    Authority: 98

Topic: novel reordering approaches in phrase-based statistical machine translation
Generate: we present an efficient statistical machine translation. we present a new model of statistical translation models that can be used to train the reordering of the resulting translation model and show the best performance for phrasebased translation quality.
Year: 2005    Authority: 80

Topic: translating with examples: a new approach to machine translation
Generate: this article presents the system attempts for statistical mt system that are permitted, that the quality of machine translation. we present an automatic system and a new paradigm for machine translation.
Year: 1990    Authority: 100

Topic: phrase-based backoff models for machine translation of highly inflected languages
Generate: we present an overview for machine translation. the word of the word sense for the target language, which allows for the source language, which is a very significant improvement in the source and the target language, which is a significant improvements for the target language into the translation and target language pairs and the same language is that it is possible with a large number of words or expert translations for the source language and the target language. the proposed method is shown to be used for the source language into the target language. we present the results show the proposed method can be evaluated using the same word and phrase table and the best results for the same corpus.
Year: 2006    Authority: 79

Topic: the lrc machine translation system: linguistics research center
Generate: we propose a new approach for machine translation. the results show the system improves translation quality metric for combining the original pairs of french translations are presented.
Year: 1982    Authority: 106

Topic: the lrc machine translation system: an overview of the linguistic component of metal
Generate: this paper presents the new approach for statistical machine translation of the university of metaldoi10.3115/990100.990105winfield s. bennettthe s. and slocum, w. the grammar between a certain grammar for translation result; out the feasibility of the university of texas of metaldoi10.3115/990100.990105winfield s. w. such as suspend as closely or 23, pp. 111121, 1985....
Year: 1982    Authority: 100

Topic: re-examining machine translation metrics for paraphrase identification
Generate: we propose to build a new method to determine a new paradigm for statistical machine translation. the system includes the first work on the microsoft mt quality of the training corpus and a new corpus for the task of the training corpus to be used to the mt quality of a translation task for the task of data for the translation quality task had the best evaluation metrics.
Year: 2012    Authority: 91

Topic: platform-independent automated machine translation system
Generate: the client program has a significant program that the translation job queue window to use a translation system that the client computer program interacts by the email and a translation job queue, to a translation of the translation output of a source language with a number between the translation of the source and the input and a number between source or the requested language to a translation job queue window in a certain email management and delete from a translation of the translation section and a translation of the target language pairs and the translation of user and user dictionaries window, the client translation job queue window, it is necessary by the user and the same window. and the email program's the requested program can initiate translation and transmission for performing language pairs with the same window.
Year: 2003    Authority: 88

Topic: displaying and correcting method for machine translation system
Generate: a machine translation. in the target language text. this is a new paradigm is a very significant improvement for a target language to a target language, a method for a target language, a dictionary of the input sentence, the second method is the input for a second method for a second sentence can initiate translation and a small set database over the second method can initiate the input sentence, the first method can initiate a second method is a significant improvements for the input sentence can be determined to the target language, a second method is the input for the target language,
Year: 1986    Authority: 99

Topic: neural machine translation by jointly learning to align and translate
Generate: in this paper describes a neural network to this paper, we show a neural machine translation model to a neural translation approach to train to train to a translation model to train in a neural machine translation approach for a neural machine translation. in a source to the source language model to train in a neural translation approach to a source language to a target translation approach to the encoder on the encoder we show that our approach can be that the first encoderdecoder to the encoder with the encoder on a source of the encoder with a source of the decoder to a translation system with a source of a target translation system to the decoder to the decoder that to a translation system in a translation model to the encoder with a source language with a fixedlength to a source of the encoder with the decoder to a target language with a target language system with the encoder that the first model that the encoder with a source of the decoder that the first can be that our approach to the encoder with the encoder with a translation system with a translation model to a source language to the encoder with the source of the encoder to the first encoderdecoder to the translation model to train on the encoder that our system that the encoder with the encoder with a target language with the encoder that the encoder that the encoder with a source to a translation system that to a target translation to the encoder with the encoder on a source language with the encoder with the encoder on the decoder that to the encoder of a source to a target language to a translation model to a target language to the decoder to a target language
Year: 2014    Authority: 1890

Topic: a productivity test of statistical machine translation post-editing in a typical localisation context
Generate: we present an efficient system for statistical machine translation systems and the translation system can be used in english and test sets, and their ability with respect to the quality estimation of translation quality.
Year: 2010    Authority: 118

Topic: statistical machine translation gains respect
Generate: we present an automatic translation system for the translation of a translation of the source language into the target language and target lan we present an automatic system that uses the quality estimation and a target language. the results show the effectiveness between a large scale and translation task.
Year: 2005    Authority: 75

Topic: shallow parsing for portuguese--spanish machine translation
Generate: we propose an automatic translation model for statistical mt evaluation and a set of candide, the word level and a target language model is trained on other pairs and other words are presented.
Year: 2003    Authority: 84

Topic: machine translation by triangulation: making effective use of multi-parallel corpora
Generate: we present an approach for a target language, which is to be trained by a target language, we use a new approach to use a new set between the source and target language pairs by using a translation quality for the target language, we can be trained on the translation engine of the target language into the source language and a target language, a translation system.
Year: 2007    Authority: 103

Topic: the candide system for machine translation
Generate: in machine translation. in this paper, this paper presents a new approach to measure of the translation process. we present a new paradigm translation model that is a new paradigm with respect for machine translation of a large supply for translation. the translation of french text in a large body of french text is presented. we show that the system can also be used to determine a large supply of french and other languages to the other hand, in this paper is to improve these methods for translation and a new algorithm to determine the translation system can be applied for machine translation.
Year: 1994    Authority: 179

Topic: cache-based document-level statistical machine translation
Generate: the problem of machine translation systems on the source language to the translation hypothesis is used to be used in smt. in order to translate in the translation quality of a translation of the target language. in the source language is used in smt. we propose an approach for a source language model and the translation is evaluated by using generalized as a new version for statistical machine translation and an additional test set for a target language, in a translation model for a target language pairs of a target language pairs of the same training and target language. the proposed model improves the training corpus. we show that the model is shown to be used in a number of smt and reordering and 2)
Year: 2011    Authority: 51

Topic: machine translation using vector space representations
Generate: we introduce a novel approach to use the machine translation to be translated by a machine translation system by using a set of a target language with a standard mt system that can use of a sentence is a very significant improvements in a source sentence. we show the system that is based on a set between a sentence in a sentence pairs by combining the same input and the target language, we show that the proposed method can improve the performance in a sentence in the test corpus as a set between a source sentence to be used in the same source language pairs of a test set of the original sentence is evaluated by the same source sentence to the test sets,
Year: 2010    Authority: 56

Topic: multiple-parts-of-speech disambiguating method and apparatus for machine translation system
Generate: a machine translation. the system can use the input text from the target language, which can initiate a second sentence can use of the input sentence,
Year: 1987    Authority: 102

Topic: machine translation evaluation versus quality estimation
Generate: this paper describes a system for machine translation. we use a novel machine translation. we present a novel approach to a new set of automatic machine translation. the proposed metric achieves significant improvement of the quality of machine translation.
Year: 2010    Authority: 84

Topic: stochastic finite-state models for spoken language machine translation
Generate: in this paper, a novel statistical approach for machine translation. we describe an approach to the problem of statistical mt system is based on a word level and a word alignment approach for machine translation and the translation quality is proposed for machine translation.
Year: 2002    Authority: 85

Topic: machine translation system incorporating syntactic dependency treelets into a statistical framework
Generate: the translation system includes a translation of the source language to a translation of a translation job queue window, the target language pairs of the target language, and the same input is translated from a source language to a translation of a source language, which is generated from the source and the translation job queue, to a target language is a translation of a source language to the target language, the translation job is a very significant improvements on a source language, a source sentence. the translation job queue to a translation system includes a source language is not only a subset between the source and the target language data from the translation engine and a source language is a difficult translation engine and the same data for a target language, a target language, the translation job is translated by the translation of a source sentence. the translation job is a significant improvements in translation quality and a translation job queue to the translation of a source language is generated by a corresponding source language to the target language, the client computer translation engine are translated with a standard translation engine for a source language, the output is translated from the translation output and the translation output of the source and target language, a translation of the source language is a corrected for each data in the target language, the output of the translation quality of the source language, a translation job is a significant improvements in the translation output is a translated system and a source translation system can be appended by a corresponding computer program to be used to the target language,
Year: 2010    Authority: 59

Topic: bilingual framenet dictionaries for machine translation
Generate: we present a method for machine translation. we propose a new method is proposed for a new approach for a machine translation. the system is a significant improvement for a large body of a large number of words that can be trained using a maximum entropy model to a new set between the translation of the original word and a large supply between the original or inscription and a large supply of candidate translation and a new corpus is founded the best performance in a set of candidate translation quality. the system is shown to improve the best of the translation model that is a significant improvement of a large supply of candidate translation and the best of the translation quality that are used to improve the best of the original translation and a small set between a large supply rate and a small set of candidate translation quality.
Year: 2002    Authority: 119

Topic: machine translation system
Generate: in the first work is provided. a system attempts to be viewed as well as a translation job queue window in the same language to a target language is provided. in the translation is provided. the translation of the input and a target language, a certain distance of a translation job queue window to the translation of the source and target language, it provides an important role for performing a translation system includes a source language, the client computer program is the translation is provided the input and the translation job queue window in a certain window.
Year: 2003    Authority: 85

Topic: machine translation system
Generate: a system that translates text in a text displaying and a translation of a text input is provided. a translation of the translation job is cumulated for a target language, a system is provided. by the input or the user and the translation can initiate a plurality of a translation system.
Year: 1997    Authority: 99

Topic: translation engines: techniques for machine translation
Generate: we propose a novel machine translation system for statistical machine translation (mt) is the quality of machine translation. this is to be used to determine a new mt system. the system can also also also to improve the quality is used for translation of the quality estimation of machine translation.
Year: 1999    Authority: 167

Topic: statistical machine translation with word- and sentence-aligned parallel corpora.
Generate: this article introduces an alternative model to determine the grammar between a translation system. in the translation of the source language pairs with a set between a translation of the target language, we present a method to generate a target language to the target language, the best decoder can be trained using a set of parallel data to be a small number of parallel corpora and a set between source and target language, a set between parallel corpora with a set test set over a stateoftheart phrasebased smt system.
Year: 2004    Authority: 115

Topic: statistical machine translation. final report
Generate: we propose an alternative model to train the grammar between the target language, we show that the proposed method achieves a small parser for translation quality.
Year: 1999    Authority: 93

Topic: lattice minimum bayes-risk decoding for statistical machine translation
Generate: in this paper, we present a novel approach to minimize statistical machine translation (smt) that is a new paradigm to the model is a novel approach to minimize an efficient translation model and a maximum translation model for statistical machine translation. we present a novel method for word alignment and translation model and translation model for translation and target language models are used for statistical machine translation (smt) model that permits a set algorithm for a translation model that uses parallel corpora for a translation model.
Year: 2008    Authority: 127

Topic: incremental hypothesis alignment for building confusion networks with application to machine translation system combination
Generate: this article introduces a new paradigm in statistical translation models that the translation hypothesis and the translation of the first is provided. the system is trained on a translation of a translation task, by a translation task from a source language model which is necessary and a translation system for the translation task had the results of a translation task from the target language, we also show that our method can choose translation quality.
Year: 2008    Authority: 68

Topic: target-text mediated interactive machine translation
Generate: this article describes a new approach to the translation of a translation from the translation of a translation of a source language, which a system utilizes a new paradigm for the translation of the translation is provided. by the translation and the translation of the translation of the input in the form process from a translation of the translation of a source language, which included a translation system is trained using a set of candidate translation from a translation from the translation and target language, we present an efficient translation and a translation system for the translation of the translation and the other is a significant improvement of the input and the translation is not significant, a translation system that are used to translate from the source language into a translation of a target language is a significant improvements in a translation task and the target language into the translation of the translation and the translation is not only
Year: 1997    Authority: 96

Topic: system and method for machine learning a confidence metric for machine translation
Generate: machine translation. this paper presents a method to improve mt system is a new method that are used for machine translation from the target language pairs of a sentence in the first work is a significant improvement in a target language. we propose a novel method to train the best of the source and the target language. we propose a new feature approach for the target language pairs and a set of a large scale corpus of candidate translation and a large corpus between the source language and the best translation score is obtained and the best of a large number of candidate translations for each language into a large number between a large number of words and the other system in a sentence in the first time with a stateoftheart machine translation system.
Year: 2009    Authority: 60

Topic: neural machine translation of rare words with subword units
Generate: we describe an opensource algorithm that are trained and an alternative model for a large vocabulary, which is an attentionbased nmt model for the translation quality between a translation quality between the target language pairs. we also with respect with a large vocabulary, between the target language pairs.
Year: 2016    Authority: 169

Topic: segmentation for english-to-arabic statistical machine translation
Generate: we propose an efficient model for machine translation. the quality of statistical mt system can be trained on a set of phrase translations in the nist 2003 chineseenglish test corpus is not only a small amount between the source and target language. our method can be used for a translation model.
Year: 2008    Authority: 70

Topic: the use of lexical semantics in interlingual machine translation
Generate: we describe an approach for machine translation. a method to generate the first machine translation. in the second is proposed to be presented.
Year: 1992    Authority: 102

Topic: error detection for statistical machine translation using linguistic features
Generate: we propose a new approach to use a statistical machine translation system to be used to produce a subset of a target language model to be translated with the target language into the target language. the model can improve the model to the source and target language into the target domain pairs by using a subset between a target domain with a subset between a source language model in the source and target domains. in this paper is a novel approach to a target domain adaptation model that can improve a new model for a target language. we also use a new model for a target language with the best input to be used for a phrase space from the source and target language into a target language. we use the model that are used for a source sentence in the test corpus we also show that our model achieves higher model to be used for both smt and 2) our experiments show that the best performance over the best performance on the training corpus.
Year: 2010    Authority: 58

Topic: maxsim: a maximum similarity metric for machine translation evaluation
Generate: in this paper, we present a new approach to a machine translation. experiments show the system can be evaluated for the nist 2003 translation quality of a translation score in a sentence but we show the effectiveness of our system that can achieve significant improvements over the proposed metric metric that are presented.
Year: 2008    Authority: 65

Topic: dialectal to standard arabic paraphrasing to improve arabic-english statistical machine translation
Generate: this article introduces a new approach for statistical machine translation. the first approach allows us for statistical mt system is a significant improvements in a phrasebased statistical translation task. we propose a novel statistical machine translation (smt) model that occur in a target language, we use a number between source and target side. in terms of the training set.
Year: 2011    Authority: 54

Topic: example-based machine translation using dp-matching between word sequences
Generate: we propose a new method to use the use of a source for a target machine translation by using the same input and the target language pairs of the target language pairs of the target language, we show that a new approach for a target language, a new model for each of the input and target language pairs for a translation of the input and a target language to the translation engine and the translation of a source sentence. the system can be used to be used to be used by using a stateoftheart mt system that it can be taken into account the best input than the input sentence can initiate translation quality.
Year: 2001    Authority: 88

Topic: handbook of natural language processing and machine translation: darpa global autonomous language exploitation
Generate: we present an efficient approach to the problem in recent years. we propose an automatic approach for the first time in the first work in the literature we present a new model to perform sentiment analysis for the target language. the first step, a new approach for each language into the source language into the target language is not fully not only not fully be trained in a source language.
Year: 2011    Authority: 53

Topic: applying morphology generation models to machine translation
Generate: we present a new approach for machine translation. we describe an approach to the problem in the task for machine translation system and the task is possible to the problem in statistical mt systems in a source language. we also show the system can be used to generate the translation quality of the source language and the translation quality of the translation quality on the nist mt05 and the best system and the best system is shown with significant improvements in the nist 2003 chineseenglish translation quality.
Year: 2008    Authority: 94
