Sentiment Classification using Machine Learning Techniques	Abstract:  We consider the problem of classifying documents not by topic, but by overall sentiment, e.g., determining whether a review is positive or negative. Using movie reviews as data, we find that standard machine learning techniques definitively outperform human-produced baselines. However, the three machine learning methods we employed (Naive Bayes, maximum entropy classification, and support vector machines) do not perform as well on sentiment classification as on traditional topic-based categorization. We conclude by examining factors that make the sentiment classification problem more challenging.	2002	363.5625
Biographies, Bollywood, Boomboxes And Blenders: Domain Adaptation For Sentiment Classification	Automatic sentiment classification has been extensively studied and applied in recent years. However, sentiment is expressed differently in different domains, and annotating corpora for every possible domain of interest is impractical. We investigate domain adaptation for sentiment classifiers, focusing on online reviews for different types of products. First, we extend to sentiment classification the recently proposed structural correspondence learning (SCL) algorithm, reducing the relative error due to adaptation between domains by an average of 30% over the original SCL algorithm and 46% over a supervised baseline. Second, we identify a measure of domain similarity that correlates well with the potential for adaptation of a classifier from one domain to another. This measure could for instance be used to select a small set of domains to annotate whose trained classifiers would transfer well to many other domains.	2007	129.3636363636
Twitter sentiment classification using distant supervision	ABSTRACT  We introduce a novel approach for automatically classify-ing the sentiment of Twitter messages. These messages are classified as either positive or negative with respect to a query term. This is useful for consumers who want to re-search the sentiment of products before purchase, or com-panies that want to monitor the public sentiment of their brands. There is no previous research on classifying sen-timent of messages on microblogging services like Twitter. We present the results of machine learning algorithms for classifying the sentiment of Twitter messages using distant supervision. Our training data consists of Twitter messages with emoticons, which are used as noisy labels. This type of training data is abundantly available and can be obtained through automated means. We show that machine learn-ing algorithms (Naive Bayes, Maximum Entropy, and SVM) have accuracy above 80% when trained with emoticon data. This paper also describes the preprocessing steps needed in order to achieve high accuracy. The main contribution of this paper is the idea of using tweets with emoticons for distant supervised learning.	2009	145.8888888889
SENTIMENT CLASSIFICATION of MOVIE REVIEWS USING CONTEXTUAL VALENCE SHIFTERS	We present two methods for determining the sentiment expressed by a movie review. The semantic orientation of a review can be positive, negative, or neutral. We examine the effect of valence shifters on classifying the reviews. We examine three types of valence shifters: negations, intensifiers, and diminishers. Negations are used to reverse the semantic polarity of a particular term, while intensifiers and diminishers are used to increase and decrease, respectively, the degree to which a term is positive or negative. The first method classifies reviews based on the number of positive and negative terms they contain. We use the General Inquirer to identify positive and negative terms, as well as negation terms, intensifiers, and diminishers. We also use positive and negative terms from other sources, including a dictionary of synonym differences and a very large Web corpus. To compute corpus-based semantic orientation values of terms, we use their association scores with a small group of positive and negative terms. We show that extending the term-counting method with contextual valence shifters improves the accuracy of the classification. The second method uses a Machine Learning algorithm, Support Vector Machines. We start with unigram features and then add bigrams that consist of a valence shifter and another word. The accuracy of classification is very high, and the valence shifter bigrams slightly improve it. The features that contribute to the high accuracy are the words in the lists of positive and negative terms. Previous work focused on either the term-counting method or the Machine Learning method. We show that combining the two methods achieves better results than either method alone.	2010	83
Domain adaptation for large-scale sentiment classification: a deep learning approach	ABSTRACT  The exponential increase in the availability of online reviews and recommendations makes sentiment classification an interesting topic in academic and industrial research. Reviews can span so many different domains that it is difficult to gather annotated training data for all of them. Hence, this paper studies the problem of domain adaptation for sentiment classifiers, hereby a system is trained on labeled reviews from one source domain but is meant to be deployed on another. We propose a deep learning approach which learns to extract a meaningful representation for each review in an unsupervised fashion. Sentiment classifiers trained with this high-level feature representation clearly outperform state-of-the-art methods on a benchmark composed of reviews of 4 types of Amazon products. Furthermore, this method scales well and allowed us to successfully perform domain adaptation on a larger industrial-strength dataset of 22 domains.	2011	84.8571428571
Target-dependent Twitter sentiment classification	Sentiment analysis on Twitter data has attracted much attention recently. In this paper, we focus on target-dependent Twitter sentiment classification; namely, given a query, we classify the sentiments of the tweets as positive, negative or neutral according to whether they contain positive, negative or neutral sentiments about that query. Here the query serves as the target of the sentiments. The state-ofthe-art approaches for solving this problem always adopt the target-independent strategy, which may assign irrelevant sentiments to the given target. Moreover, the state-of-the-art approaches only take the tweet to be classified into consideration when classifying the sentiment; they ignore its context (i.e., related tweets). However, because tweets are usually short and more ambiguous, sometimes it is not enough to consider only the current tweet for sentiment classification. In this paper, we propose to improve target-dependent Twitter sentiment classification by 1) incorporating target-dependent features; and 2) taking related tweets into consideration. According to the experimental results, our approach greatly improves the performance of target-dependent sentiment classification.	2011	79.7142857143
Cross-domain sentiment classification via spectral feature alignment	Sentiment classification aims to automatically predict sentiment polarity (e.g., positive or negative) of users publishing sentiment data (e.g., reviews, blogs). Although traditional classification algorithms can be used to train sentiment classifiers from manually labeled text data, the labeling work can be time-consuming and expensive. Meanwhile, users often use some different words when they express sentiment in different domains. If we directly apply a classifier trained in one domain to other domains, the performance will be very low due to the differences between these domains. In this work, we develop a general solution to sentiment classification when we do not have any labels in a target domain but have some labeled data in a different domain, regarded as source domain. In this cross-domain sentiment classification setting, to bridge the gap between the domains, we propose a spectral feature alignment (SFA) algorithm to align domain-specific words from different domains into unified clusters, with the help of domain-independent words as a bridge. In this way, the clusters can be used to reduce the gap between domain-specific words of the two domains, which can be used to train sentiment classifiers in the target domain accurately. Compared to previous approaches, SFA can discover a robust representation for cross-domain data by fully exploiting the relationship between the domain-specific and domain-independent words via simultaneously co-clustering them in a common latent space. We perform extensive experiments on two real world datasets, and demonstrate that SFA significantly outperforms previous approaches to cross-domain sentiment classification.	2010	46.375
Co-training for cross-lingual sentiment classification	Abstract The lack of Chinese sentiment corpora limits the research progress on Chinese sentiment classification. However, there are many freely available English sentiment corpora on the Web. This paper focuses on the problem of cross-lingual sentiment classification, which leverages an available English corpus for Chi- nese sentiment classification by using the Eng- lish corpus as training data. Machine transla- tion services are used for eliminating the lan- guage gap between the training set and test set, and English features and Chinese features are considered as two independent views of the classification problem. We propose a co- training approach to making use of unlabeled Chinese data. Experimental results show the effectiveness of the proposed approach, which can outperform the standard inductive classifi- ers and the transductive classifiers.	2009	42.6666666667
Dependency tree-based sentiment classification using CRFs with hidden variables	Abstract In this paper, we present a dependency tree-based method for sentiment classification of Japanese and English subjective sentences using conditional random fields with hidden variables. Subjective sentences often contain words which reverse the sentiment polarities of other words. Therefore, interactions between words need to be considered in sentiment classification, which is difficult to be handled with simple bag-of-words approaches, and the syntactic dependency structures of subjective sentences are exploited in our method. In the method, the sentiment polarity of each dependency subtree in a sentence, which is not observable in training data, is represented by a hidden variable. The polarity of the whole sentence is calculated in consideration of interactions between the hidden variables. Sum-product belief propagation is used for inference. Experimental results of sentiment classification for Japanese and English subjective sentences showed that the method performs better than other methods based on bag-of-features.	2010	31.875
Comparative experiments on sentiment classification for online product reviews	ABSTRACT  Evaluating text fragments for positive and negative subjective expressions  and their strength can be important in applications such as single-  or multi- document summarization, document ranking, data mining, etc.  This paper looks at a simplified version of the problem: classifying  online product reviews into positive and negative classes. We discuss  a series of experiments with different machine learning algorithms in  order to experimentally evaluate various trade-offs, using approximately  100K product reviews from the web.	2006	30.3333333333
Sentiment classification of online reviews to travel destinations by supervised machine learning approaches	The rapid growth in Internet applications in tourism has lead to an enormous amount of personal reviews for travel-related information on the Web. These reviews can appear in different forms like BBS, blogs, Wiki or forum websites. More importantly, the information in these reviews is valuable to both travelers and practitioners for various understanding and planning processes. An intrinsic problem of the overwhelming information on the Internet, however, is information overloading as users are simply unable to read all the available information. Query functions in search engines like Yahoo and Google can help users find some of the reviews that they needed about specific destinations. The returned pages from these search engines are still beyond the visual capacity of humans. In this research, sentiment classification techniques were incorporated into the domain of mining reviews from travel blogs. Specifically, we compared three supervised machine learning algorithms of Na茂ve Bayes, SVM and the character based N-gram model for sentiment classification of the reviews on travel blogs for seven popular travel destinations in the US and Europe. Empirical findings indicated that the SVM and N-gram approaches outperformed the Na茂ve Bayes approach, and that when training datasets had a large number of reviews, all three approaches reached accuracies of at least 80%.	2009	36.7777777778
Sentiment classification on customer feedback data: noisy data, large feature vectors, and the role of linguistic analysis	We demonstrate that it is possible to perform automatic sentiment classification in the very noisy domain of customer feedback data. We show that by using large feature vectors in combination with feature reduction, we can train linear support vector machines that achieve high classification accuracy on data that present classification challenges even for a human annotator. We also show that, surprisingly, the addition of deep linguistic analysis features to a set of surface level word n-gram features contributes consistently to classification accuracy in this domain.	2005	35.7692307692
Using Emoticons to reduce Dependency in Machine Learning Techniques for Sentiment Classification	Sentiment Classification seeks to identify a piece of text according to its author070705s general feeling toward their subject, be it positive or negative. Traditional machine learning techniques have been applied to this problem with reasonable success, but they have been shown to work well only when there is a good match between the training and test data with respect to topic. This paper demonstrates that match with respect to domain and time is also important, and presents preliminary experiments with training data labeled with emoticons, which has the potential of being independent of domain, topic and time.	2009	51.5555555556
Sentiment Classification of Reviews Using SentiWordNet	Sentiment classification concerns the use of automatic methods for predicting the orientation of subjective content on text documents, with applications on a number of areas including recommender and advertising systems, customer intelligence and information retrieval. SentiWordNet is an opinion lexicon derived from the WordNet database where each term is associated with numerical scores indicating positive and negative sentiment information. This research presents the results of applying the SentiWordNet lexical resource to the problem of automatic sentiment classification of film reviews. Our approach comprises counting positive and negative term scores to determine sentiment orientation, and an improvement is presented by building a data set of relevant features using SentiWordNet as source, and applied to a machine learning classifier. We find that results obtained with SentiWordNet are in line with similar approaches using manual lexicons seen in the literature. In addition, our feature set approach yielded improvements over the baseline term counting method. The results indicate SentiWordNet could be used as an important resource for sentiment classification tasks. Additional considerations are made on possible further improvements to the method and its use in conjunction with other techniques.	2009	22.5555555556
Document-level sentiment classification: An empirical comparison between SVM and ANN	Document-level sentiment classification aims to automate the task of classifying a textual review, which is given on a single topic, as expressing a positive or negative sentiment. In general, supervised methods consist of two stages: (i) extraction/selection of informative features and (ii) classification of reviews by using learning models like Support Vector Machines (SVM) and Na谋篓ve Bayes (NB). SVM have been extensively and successfully used as a sentiment learning approach while Artificial Neural Networks (ANN) have rarely been considered in comparative studies in the sentiment analysis literature. This paper presents an empirical comparison between SVM and ANN regarding document-level sentiment analysis. We discuss requirements, resulting models and contexts in which both approaches achieve better levels of classification accuracy. We adopt a standard evaluation context with popular supervised methods for feature selection and weighting in a traditional bag-of-words model. Except for some unbalanced data contexts, our experiments indicated that ANN produce superior or at least comparable results to SVM鈥檚. Specially on the benchmark dataset of Movies reviews, ANN outperformed SVM by a statistically significant difference, even on the context of unbalanced data. Our results have also confirmed some potential limitations of both models, which have been rarely discussed in the sentiment classification literature, like the computational cost of SVM at the running time and ANN at the training time.	2013	35.6
Ensemble of feature sets and classification algorithms for sentiment classification	In this paper, we make a comparative study of the effectiveness of ensemble technique for sentiment classification. The ensemble framework is applied to sentiment classification tasks, with the aim of efficiently integrating different feature sets and classification algorithms to synthesize a more accurate classification procedure. First, two types of feature sets are designed for sentiment classification, namely the part-of-speech based feature sets and the word-relation based feature sets. Second, three well-known text classification algorithms, namely na谋篓ve Bayes, maximum entropy and support vector machines, are employed as base-classifiers for each of the feature sets. Third, three types of ensemble methods, namely the fixed combination, weighted combination and meta-classifier combination, are evaluated for three ensemble strategies. A wide range of comparative experiments are conducted on five widely-used datasets in sentiment classification. Finally, some in-depth discussion is presented and conclusions are drawn about the effectiveness of ensemble technique for sentiment classification.	2011	31.4285714286
Feature Ensemble Plus Sample Selection: Domain Adaptation for Sentiment Classification	Domain adaptation problems often arise often in the field of sentiment classification. Here, the feature ensemble plus sample selection (SS-FE) approach is proposed, which takes labeling and instance adaptation into account. A feature ensemble (FE) model is first proposed to learn a new labeling function in a feature reweighting manner. Furthermore, a PCA-based sample selection (PCA-SS) method is proposed as an aid to FE. Experimental results show that the proposed SS-FE approach could gain significant improvements, compared to FE or PCA-SS, because of its comprehensive consideration of both labeling adaptation and instance adaptation.	2013	29.4
Topic sentiment analysis in twitter: a graph-based hashtag sentiment classification approach	"Twitter is one of the biggest platforms where massive instant messages (i.e. tweets) are published every day. Users tend to express their real feelings freely in Twitter, which makes it an ideal source for capturing the opinions towards various interesting topics, such as brands, products or celebrities, etc. Naturally, people may anticipate an approach to receiving the common sentiment tendency towards these topics directly rather than through reading the huge amount of tweets about them. On the other side, Hashtags, starting with a symbol ""#"" ahead of keywords or phrases, are widely used in tweets as coarse-grained topics. In this paper, instead of presenting the sentiment polarity of each tweet relevant to the topic, we focus our study on hashtag-level sentiment classification. This task aims to automatically generate the overall sentiment polarity for a given hashtag in a certain time period, which markedly differs from the conventional sentence-level and document-level sentiment analysis. Our investigation illustrates that three types of information is useful to address the task, including (1) sentiment polarity of tweets containing the hashtag; (2) hashtags co-occurrence relationship and (3) the literal meaning of hashtags. Consequently, in order to incorporate the first two types of information into a classification framework where hashtags can be classified collectively, we propose a novel graph model and investigate three approximate collective classification algorithms for inference. Going one step further, we show that the performance can be remarkably improved using an enhanced boosting classification setting in which we employ the literal meaning of hashtags as semi-supervised information. Experimental results on a real-life data set consisting of 29,195 tweets and 2,181 hashtags show the effectiveness of the proposed model and algorithms."	2011	30.8571428571
A non-negative matrix tri-factorization approach to sentiment classification with lexical prior knowledge	ABSTRACT  Sentiment classication refers to the task of automatically identifying whether a given piece of text expresses positive or negative opinion towards a subject at hand. The proliferation of user-generated web content such as blogs, discussion forums and online review sites has made it possi- ble to perform large-scale mining of pub- lic opinion. Sentiment modeling is thus becoming a critical component of market intelligence and social media technologies that aim to tap into the collective wis- dom of crowds. In this paper, we consider the problem of learning high-quality senti- ment models with minimal manual super- vision. We propose a novel approach to learn from lexical prior knowledge in the form of domain-independent sentiment- laden terms, in conjunction with domain- dependent unlabeled data and a few la- beled documents. Our model is based on a constrained non-negative tri-factorization of the term-document matrix which can be implemented using simple update rules. Extensive experimental studies demon- strate the effectiveness of our approach on a variety of real-world sentiment predic- tion tasks.	2009	18.6666666667
Cross-Domain Sentiment Classification Using a Sentiment Sensitive Thesaurus	Automatic classification of sentiment is important for numerous applications such as opinion mining, opinion summarization, contextual advertising, and market analysis. Typically, sentiment classification has been modeled as the problem of training a binary classifier using reviews annotated for positive or negative sentiment. However, sentiment is expressed differently in different domains, and annotating corpora for every possible domain of interest is costly. Applying a sentiment classifier trained using labeled data for a particular domain to classify sentiment of user reviews on a different domain often results in poor performance because words that occur in the train (source) domain might not appear in the test (target) domain. We propose a method to overcome this problem in cross-domain sentiment classification. First, we create a sentiment sensitive distributional thesaurus using labeled data for the source domains and unlabeled data for both source and target domains. Sentiment sensitivity is achieved in the thesaurus by incorporating document level sentiment labels in the context vectors used as the basis for measuring the distributional similarity between words. Next, we use the created thesaurus to expand feature vectors during train and test times in a binary classifier. The proposed method significantly outperforms numerous baselines and returns results that are comparable with previously proposed cross-domain sentiment classification methods on a benchmark data set containing Amazon user reviews for different types of products. We conduct an extensive empirical analysis of the proposed method on single- and multisource domain adaptation, unsupervised and supervised domain adaptation, and numerous similarity measures for creating the sentiment sensitive thesaurus. Moreover, our comparisons against the SentiWordNet, a lexical resource for word polarity, show that the created sentiment-sensitive thesaurus accurately captures words that express similar sentiments.	2013	24.8
Sentiment Classification for Movie Reviews in Chinese by Improved Semantic Oriented Approach	Sentiment classification aims at mining reviews of customers for a certain product by automatic classifying the reviews into positive or negative opinions. With the fast developing of World Wide Web applications, sentiment classification would have huge opportunity to help people automatic analysis of customers聮 opinions from the web information. Automatic opinion mining will benefit to both consumers and sellers. Up to now, it is still a complicated task with great challenge. There are mainly two types of approaches for sentiment classification, machine learning methods and semantic orientation methods. Though some pioneer researches explored the approaches for English movie review classification, few jobs have been done on sentiment classification for Chinese reviews. The improved semantic approach for sentiment classification on movie reviews written in Chinese was proposed in this paper. Data experiment shows the capability of this approach.	2006	13
A Lexicon-Enhanced Method for Sentiment Classification: An Experiment on Online Product Reviews	As an emerging communication platform, Web 2.0 has led the Internet to become increasingly user-centric. People are participating in and exchanging opinions through online community-based social media, such as discussion boards, Web forums, and blogs. Along with such trends, an increasing amount of user-generated content containing rich opinion and sentiment information has appeared on the Internet. Understanding such opinion and sentiment information has become increasingly important for both service and product providers and users because it plays an important role in influencing consumer purchasing decisions.	2010	17.375
Automatic seed word selection for unsupervised sentiment classification of Chinese text	We describe and evaluate a new method of automatic seed word selection for unsupervised sentiment classification of product reviews in Chinese. The whole method is unsupervised and does not require any annotated training data; it only requires information about commonly occurring negations and adverbials. Unsupervised techniques are promising for this task since they avoid problems of domain-dependency typically associated with supervised methods. The results obtained are close to those of supervised classifiers and sometimes better, up to an F1 of 92%.	2008	14.6
Employing personal/impersonal views in supervised and semi-supervised sentiment classification	ABSTRACT In this paper, we adopt two views, personal and impersonal views, and systematically employ them in both supervised and semi-supervised sentiment classification. Here, personal views consist of those sentences which directly express speaker's feeling and preference towards a target object while impersonal views focus on statements towards a target object for evaluation. To obtain them, an unsupervised mining approach is proposed. On this basis, an ensemble method and a co-training algorithm are explored to employ the two views in supervised and semi-supervised sentiment classification respectively. Experimental results across eight domains demonstrate the effectiveness of our proposed approach.	2010	16.5
Adapting a Polarity Lexicon using Integer Linear Programming for Domain-Specific Sentiment Classification	ABSTRACT  Polarity lexicons have been a valuable re- source for sentiment analysis and opinion mining. There are a number of such lexi- cal resources available, but it is often sub- optimal to use them as is, because general purpose lexical resources do not reflect domain-specific lexical usage. In this pa- per, we propose a novel method based on integer linear programming that can adapt an existing lexicon into a new one to re- flect the characteristics of the data more directly. In particular, our method collec- tivelyconsidersthe relationsamong words and opinionexpressionsto derive the most likely polarity of each lexical item (posi- tive, neutral, negative, or negator) for the given domain. Experimental results show that our lexicon adaptation technique im- proves theperformance offine-grained po- larity classification.	2009	15.6666666667
Sentiment classification using phrase patterns	This paper presents a phrase pattern-based method in classifying sentiment orientation of text. That is to analyze whether the text expresses a favorable or unfavorable sentiment for a specific subject. In our method, we construct some phrase patterns and calculate their sentiment orientation by unsupervised learning algorithm. When we classify a document, we first add special tags to some words in the text, then match the tags within a sentence with some phrase patterns to get the sentiment orientation of the sentence. At last, we add up the sentiment orientation of each sentence. We classify the text according to this summation. The method achieves an accuracy rate of 86% when used to evaluate sports reviews from some Websites.	2004	9.1428571429
Sentiment classification and polarity shifting	Abstract Polarity shifting marked by various linguistic structures has been a challenge to automatic sentiment classification. In this paper, we propose a machine learning approach to incorporate polarity shifting information into a document-level sentiment classification system. First, a feature selection method is adopted to automatically generate the training data for a binary classifier on polarity shifting detection of sentences. Then, by using the obtained binary classifier, each document in the original polarity classification training data is split into two partitions, polarity-shifted and polarity-unshifted, which are used to train two base classifiers respectively for further classifier combination. The experimental results across four different domains demonstrate the effectiveness of our approach.	2010	13.25
Semi-Supervised Learning for Imbalanced Sentiment Classification.	In the field of machine learning, semi-supervised learning (SSL) occupies the middle ground, between supervised learning (in which all training examples are labeled) and unsupervised learning (in which no label data are given). Interest in SSL has increased in recent years, particularly because of application domains in which unlabeled data are plentiful, such as images, text, and bioinformatics. This first comprehensive overview of SSL presents state-of-the-art algorithms, a taxonomy of the field, selected applications, benchmark experiments, and perspectives on ongoing and future research. Semi-Supervised Learning first presents the key assumptions and ideas underlying the field: smoothness, cluster or low-density separation, manifold structure, and transduction. The core of the book is the presentation of SSL methods, organized according to algorithmic strategies. After an examination of generative models, the book describes algorithms that implement the low-density separation assumption, graph-based methods, and algorithms that perform two-step learning. The book then discusses SSL applications and offers guidelines for SSL practitioners by analyzing the results of extensive benchmark experiments. Finally, the book looks at interesting directions for SSL research. The book closes with a discussion of the relationship between semi-supervised learning and transduction.	2006	10
Selecting Attributes for Sentiment Classification Using Feature Relation Networks	A major concern when incorporating large sets of diverse n-gram features for sentiment classification is the presence of noisy, irrelevant, and redundant attributes. These concerns can often make it difficult to harness the augmented discriminatory potential of extended feature sets. We propose a rule-based multivariate text feature selection method called Feature Relation Network (FRN) that considers semantic information and also leverages the syntactic relationships between n-gram features. FRN is intended to efficiently enable the inclusion of extended sets of heterogeneous n-gram features for enhanced sentiment classification. Experiments were conducted on three online review testbeds in comparison with methods used in prior sentiment classification research. FRN outperformed the comparison univariate, multivariate, and hybrid feature selection methods; it was able to select attributes resulting in significantly better classification accuracy irrespective of the feature subset sizes. Furthermore, by incorporating syntactic information about n-gram relations, FRN is able to select features in a more computationally efficient manner than many multivariate and hybrid techniques.	2011	16.4285714286
Multi-level structured models for document-level sentiment classification	In this paper, we investigate structured models for document-level sentiment classification. When predicting the sentiment of a subjective document (e.g., as positive or negative), it is well known that not all sentences are equally discriminative or informative. But identifying the useful sentences automatically is itself a difficult learning problem. This paper proposes a joint two-level approach for document-level sentiment classification that simultaneously extracts useful (i.e., subjective) sentences and predicts document-level sentiment based on the extracted sentences. Unlike previous joint learning methods for the task, our approach (1) does not rely on gold standard sentence-level subjectivity annotations (which may be expensive to obtain), and (2) optimizes directly for document-level performance. Empirical evaluations on movie reviews and U.S. Congressional floor debates show improved performance over previous approaches.	2010	15
Adding redundant features for CRFs-based sentence sentiment classification	"ABSTRACT  In this paper, we present a novel method based on CRFs in response to the two special characteristics of ""contextual dependency"" and ""label redundancy"" in sentence sentiment classification. We try to capture the contextual constraints on sentence sentiment using CRFs. Through introducing redundant labels into the original sentimental label set and organizing all labels into a hierarchy, our method can add redundant features into training for capturing the label redundancy. The experimental results prove that our method outperforms the traditional methods like NB, SVM, MaxEnt and standard chain CRFs. In comparison with the cascaded model, our method can effectively alleviate the error propagation among different layers and obtain better performance in each layer."	2008	12.4
Multi-domain adaptation for sentiment classification: Using multiple classifier combining methods	Sentiment classification is very domain-specific and good domain adaptation methods, when the training and testing data are drawn from different domains, are sorely needed. In this paper, we address a new approach to domain adaptation for sentiment classification in which classifiers are adapted for a specific domain with training data from multiple source domains. We call this new approach ‘multi-domain adaptation’ and present a multiple classifier system (MCS) framework to describe and understand it. Under this framework, we propose a new combining method, called Multi-label Consensus Training (MCT), to combine the base classifiers for selecting ‘automatically-labeled’ samples from unlabeled data in the target domain. The experimental results for sentiment classification show that multi-domain adaptation using this method improves adaptation performance.	2009	12.5555555556
Automatically Extracting Polarity-Bearing Topics for Cross-Domain Sentiment Classification.	Joint sentiment-topic (JST) model was previously proposed to detect sentiment and topic simultaneously from text. The only supervision required by JST model learning is domain-independent polarity word priors. In this paper, we modify the JST model by incorporating word polarity priors through modifying the topic-word Dirichlet priors. We study the polarity-bearing topics extracted by JST and show that by augmenting the original feature space with polarity-bearing topics, the in-domain supervised classifiers learned from augmented feature representation achieve the state-of-the-art performance of 95% on the movie review data and an average of 90% on the multi-domain sentiment dataset. Furthermore, using feature augmentation and selection according to the information gain criteria for cross-domain sentiment classification, our proposed approach performs either better or comparably compared to previous approaches. Nevertheless, our approach is much simpler and does not require difficult parameter tuning.	2011	13.2857142857
Mine the easy, classify the hard: a semi-supervised approach to automatic sentiment classification	ABSTRACT  Supervised polarity classification systems are typically domain-specific. Building these systems involves the expensive pro- cess of annotating a large amount of data for each domain. A potential solution to this corpus annotation bottleneck is to build unsupervised polarity classification systems. However, unsupervised learning of polarity is difficult, owing in part to the prevalence of sentimentally ambiguous re- views, where reviewers discuss both the positive and negative aspects of a prod- uct. To address this problem, we pro- pose a semi-supervised approach to senti- ment classification where we first mine the unambiguous reviews using spectral tech- niques and then exploit them to classify the ambiguous reviews via a novel com- bination of active learning, transductive learning, and ensemble learning.	2009	12.6666666667
Using multiple sources to construct a sentiment sensitive thesaurus for cross-domain sentiment classification	We describe a sentiment classication method that is applicable when we do not have any labeled data for a target domain but have some labeled data for multiple other domains, designated as the source domains. We automatically create a sentiment sensitive thesaurus using both labeled and unlabeled data from multiple source domains to nd the association between words that express similar sentiments in different domains. The created thesaurus is then used to expand feature vectors to train a binary classier. Unlike previous cross-domain sentiment classication methods, our method can efciently learn from multiple source domains. Our method significantly outperforms numerous baselines and returns results that are better than or comparable to previous cross-domain sentiment classication methods on a benchmark dataset containing Amazon user reviews for different types of products.	2011	13.8571428571
Multi-domain sentiment classification	Abstract This paper addresses a new task in sentiment classification, called multi-domain sentiment classification, that aims to improve perform- ance through fusing training data from multi- ple domains. To achieve this, we propose two approaches of fusion, feature-level and classi- fier-level, to use training data from multiple domains simultaneously. Experimental stud- ies show that multi-domain sentiment classi- fication using the classifier-level approach performs much better than single domain classification (using the training data indi- vidually).	2008	8.1
Mining sentiment classification from political web logs	"Abstract Over the last few years the number of web logs and amount of opinionated data on the World Wide Web has grown dramatically. Web logs allow people to share their opinions on a wide range of ""hot"" topics with virtual communities. As readers start turning to web logs as a source of information, automatic techniques that identify the sentiment of web log posts will help bloggers categorize and filter this exploding information source. However, on the surface, sentiment classification of web log posts, in particular political web log posts, appears to be a more difficult problem than classification of traditional text because of the interplay among the images, hyperlinks, the style of writing and language used within web logs. In this paper we investigate existing technology and their utility for sentiment classification on web log posts. We show that a Na茂ve Bayes classifier can on average correctly predict a posting's political category 78.06% of the time with a standard deviation of 2.39. It significantly outperforms Support Vector Machines at the 99.9% confidence level with a confidence interval of [1.425, 3.488]. On average, SVMs correctly predicted the category of web log posts 75.47% of the time with a standard deviation of 2.64. Previous research was able to achieve an 81.0% accuracy using Na茂ve Bayes and 82.9% using SVMs using our chosen feature set representation on a nonspecific topic corpus [14]. Using our dataset of political web logs over a two-year period, we also show that it is important to maintain a uniform distribution in such datasets to avoid biases in classification."	2006	7.1666666667
Sentiment classification of Internet restaurant reviews written in Cantonese	In this paper, standard machine learning techniques naive Bayes and SVM are incorporated into the domain of online Cantonese-written restaurant reviews to automatically classify user reviews as positive or negative. The effects of feature presentations and feature sizes on classification performance are discussed. We find that accuracy is influenced by interaction between the classification models and the feature options. The naive Bayes classifier achieves as well as or better accuracy than SVM. Character-based bigrams are proved better features than unigrams and trigrams in capturing Cantonese sentiment orientation.	2011	12.5714285714
SELC:a self-supervised model for sentiment classification	This paper presents the SELC Model (SElf-Supervised, (Lexicon-based and (Corpus-based Model) for sentiment classification. The SELC Model includes two phases. The first phase is a lexicon-based iterative process. In this phase, some reviews are initially classified based on a sentiment dictionary. Then more reviews are classified through an iterative process with a negative/positive ratio control. In the second phase, a supervised classifier is learned by taking some reviews classified in the first phase as training data. Then the supervised classifier applies on other reviews to revise the results produced in the first phase. Experiments show the effectiveness of the proposed model. SELC totally achieves 6.63% F1-score improvement over the best result in previous studies on the same data (from 82.72% to 89.35%). The first phase of the SELC Model independently achieves 5.90% improvement (from 82.72% to 88.62%). Moreover, the standard deviation of F1-scores is reduced, which shows that the SELC Model could be more suitable for domain-independent sentiment classification.	2009	8.6666666667
Fast and Accurate Sentiment Classification Using an Enhanced Naive Bayes Model	We have explored different methods of improving the accuracy of a Naive Bayes classifier for sentiment analysis. We observed that a combination of methods like effective negation handling, word n-grams and feature selection by mutual information results in a significant improvement in accuracy. This implies that a highly accurate and fast sentiment classifier can be built using a simple Naive Bayes model that has linear training and testing time complexities. We achieved an accuracy of 88.80% on the popular IMDB movie reviews dataset. The proposed method can be generalized to a number of text categorization problems for improving speed and accuracy.	2013	12.8
A neural network based approach for sentiment classification in the blogosphere	Recognizing emotion is extremely important for a text-based communication tool such as a blog. On commercial blogs, the evaluation comments by bloggers of a product can spread at an explosive rate in cyberspace, and negative comments could be very harmful to an enterprise. Lately, researchers have been paying much attention to sentiment classification. The goal is to efficiently identify the emotions of their customers to allow companies to respond in the appropriate manner to what customers have to say. Semantic orientation indexes and machine learning methods are usually employed to achieve this goal. Semantic orientation indexes do not have good performance, but they return results quickly. Machine learning techniques provide better classification accuracy, but require a lot of training time. In order to combine the advantages of these two methods, this study proposed a neural-network based approach. It uses semantic orientation indexes as inputs for the neural networks to determine the sentiments of the bloggers quickly and effectively. Several actual blogs are used to evaluate the effectiveness of our approach. The experimental results indicate that the proposed approach outperforms traditional approaches including other neural networks and several semantic orientation indexes.Research highlights? The proposed NN based method combines the BPN and SO indexes to classify bloggers鈥 sentiment. ? NN based method can reduce training time when classifying textual data. ? NN based method outperforms traditional sentiment classification methods, BPN and SO index, from experimental results.	2011	10.5714285714
Automatically extracting polarity-bearing topics for cross-domain sentiment classification	Joint sentiment-topic (JST) model was previously proposed to detect sentiment and topic simultaneously from text. The only supervision required by JST model learning is domain-independent polarity word priors. In this paper, we modify the JST model by incorporating word polarity priors through modifying the topic-word Dirichlet priors. We study the polarity-bearing topics extracted by JST and show that by augmenting the original feature space with polarity-bearing topics, the in-domain supervised classifiers learned from augmented feature representation achieve the state-of-the-art performance of 95% on the movie review data and an average of 90% on the multi-domain sentiment dataset. Furthermore, using feature augmentation and selection according to the information gain criteria for cross-domain sentiment classification, our proposed approach performs either better or comparably compared to previous approaches. Nevertheless, our approach is much simpler and does not require difficult parameter tuning.	2011	12
Multi-domain sentiment classification	state-of-the-arts studies on sentiment classification are typically domain-dependent and domain-restricted.In this paper,we aim to reduce domain dependency and improve overall performance simultaneously by proposing an efficient multi-domain sentiment classification algorithm.Our method employs the approach of multiple classifier combination.In this approach,we first train single domain classifiers separately with domain specific data,and then combine the classifiers for the final decision.Our experiments show that this approach performs much better than both single domain classification approach(using the training data individually) and mixed domain classification approach(simply combining all the training data).In particular,classifier combination with weighted sum rule obtains an average error reduction of 27.6%over single domain classification.	2008	7.6
Sentiment classification based on supervised latent n-gram analysis	In this paper, we propose an efficient embedding for modeling higher-order (n-gram) phrases that projects the n-grams to low-dimensional latent semantic space, where a classification function can be defined. We utilize a deep neural network to build a unified discriminative framework that allows for estimating the parameters of the latent space as well as the classification function with a bias for the target classification task at hand. We apply the framework to large-scale sentimental classification task. We present comparative evaluation of the proposed method on two (large) benchmark data sets for online product reviews. The proposed method achieves superior performance in comparison to the state of the art.	2011	9.7142857143
Sentiment Classification Based on Supervised Latent N-Gram Analysis	A method for sentiment classification of a text document using high-order n-grams utilizes a multilevel embedding strategy to project n-grams into a low-dimensional latent semantic space where the projection parameters are trained in a supervised fashion together with the sentiment classification task. Using, for example, a deep convolutional neural network, the semantic embedding of n-grams, the bag-of-occurrence representation of text from n-grams, and the classification function from each review to the sentiment class are learned jointly in one unified discriminative framework.	2012	10.3333333333
Chinese sentence-level sentiment classification based on fuzzy sets	ABSTRACT  This paper presents a fuzzy set theory based approach to Chinese sentence-level sentiment classification. Compared with traditional topic-based text classification techniques, the fuzzy set theory provides a straightforward way to model the intrinsic fuzziness between sentiment polarity classes. To approach fuzzy sentiment classification, we first propose a fine-to-coarse strategy to estimate sentence sentiment intensity. Then, we define three fuzzy sets to represent the respective sentiment polarity classes, namely positive, negative and neutral sentiments. Based on sentence sentiment intensities, we further build membership functions to indicate the degrees of an opinionated sentence in different fuzzy sets. Finally, we determine sentence-level polarity under maximum membership principle. We show that our approach can achieve promising performance on the test set for Chinese opinion analysis pilot task at NTCIR-6.	2010	8.625
Scalable sentiment classification for Big Data analysis using Naïve Bayes Classifier	A typical method to obtain valuable information is to extract the sentiment or opinion from a message. Machine learning technologies are widely used in sentiment classification because of their ability to “learn” from the training dataset to predict or support decision making with relatively high accuracy. However, when the dataset is large, some algorithms might not scale up well. In this paper, we aim to evaluate the scalability of Na07ve Bayes classifier (NBC) in large datasets. Instead of using a standard library (e.g., Mahout), we implemented NBC to achieve fine-grain control of the analysis procedure. A Big Data analyzing system is also design for this study. The result is encouraging in that the accuracy of NBC is improved and approaches 82% when the dataset size increases. We have demonstrated that NBC is able to scale up to analyze the sentiment of millions movie reviews with increasing throughput.	2013	10.8
Cross Lingual Adaptation: An Experiment on Sentiment Classifications.	"ABSTRACT  In this paper, we study the problem of using an annotated corpus in English for the same natural language processing task in another language. While various ma- chine translation systems are available, au- tomated translation is still far from per- fect. To minimize the noise introduced by translations, we propose to use only key 'reliable"" parts from the translations and apply structural correspondence learn- ing (SCL) to find a low dimensional rep- resentation shared by the two languages. We perform experiments on an English- Chinese sentiment classification task and compare our results with a previous co- training approach. To alleviate the prob- lem of data sparseness, we create ex- tra pseudo-examples for SCL by making queries to a search engine. Experiments on real-world on-line review data demon- strate the two techniques can effectively improve the performance compared to pre- vious work."	2010	8.75
Active deep learning method for semi-supervised sentiment classification	In natural language processing community, sentiment classification based on insufficient labeled data is a well-known challenging problem. In this paper, a novel semi-supervised learning algorithm called active deep network (ADN) is proposed to address this problem. First, we propose the semi-supervised learning framework of ADN. ADN is constructed by restricted Boltzmann machines (RBM) with unsupervised learning based on labeled reviews and abundant of unlabeled reviews. Then the constructed structure is fine-tuned by gradient-descent based supervised learning with an exponential loss function. Second, in the semi-supervised learning framework, we apply active learning to identify reviews that should be labeled as training data, then using the selected labeled reviews and all unlabeled reviews to train ADN architecture. Moreover, we combine the information density with ADN, and propose information ADN (IADN) method, which can apply the information density of all unlabeled reviews in choosing the manual labeled reviews. Experiments on five sentiment classification datasets show that ADN and IADN outperform classical semi-supervised learning algorithms, and deep learning techniques applied for sentiment classification.	2013	11.2
Are SentiWordNet scores suited for multi-domain sentiment classification?	Motivated by the numerous applications of analysing opinions in multi-domain scenarios, this paper studies the potential of a still rarely considered approach to the problem of multi-domain sentiment analysis based on Senti-WordNet as lexical resource. SentiWordNet scores are exploited together with additional features to assign a polarity to a text using machine learning. On the other hand, a rule-based approach is studied based on sentiment scores. The introduced methods are tested on single domains of a real-world data set consisting of documents in six different domains, but also in cross-domain settings. The results show that for cross-domain sentiment analysis rule-based approaches with fix opinion lexica are unsuited. For machine-learning based sentiment classification a mixture of documents of different domains achieves good results.	2009	8.3333333333
Effectiveness of simple linguistic processing in automatic sentiment classification of product reviews	This paper reports a study in automatic sentiment classification, i.e., automaticallyclassifying documents as expressing positive or negative sentiments/opinions. The study investigatesthe effectiveness of using SVM (Support Vector Machine) on various text features to classify productreviews into recommended (positive sentiment) and not recommended (negative sentiment). Comparedwith traditional topical classification, it was hypothesized that syntactic and semantic processing oftext would be more important for sentiment classification. In the first part of this study, severaldifferent approaches, unigrams (individual words), selected words (such as verb, adjective, andadverb), and words labeled with part-of-speech tags were investigated. A sample of 1,800 variousproduct reviews was retrieved from Review Centre (www.reviewcentre.com) for the study. 1,200reviews were used for training, and 600 for testing. Using SVM, the baseline unigram approachobtained an accuracy rate of around 76%. The use of selected words obtained a marginally betterresult of 77.33%. Error analysis suggests various approaches for improving classification accuracy:use of negation phrase, making inference from superficial words, and solving the problem ofcomments on parts. The second part of the study that is in progress investigates the use of negationphrase through simple linguistic processing to improve classification accuracy. This approachincreased the accuracy rate up to 79.33%.	2004	5.9285714286
Sentiment analysis of movie reviews: A new feature-based heuristic for aspect-level sentiment classification	This paper presents our experimental work on a new kind of domain specific feature-based heuristic for aspect-level sentiment analysis of movie reviews. We have devised an aspect oriented scheme that analyses the textual reviews of a movie and assign it a sentiment label on each aspect. The scores on each aspect from multiple reviews are then aggregated and a net sentiment profile of the movie is generated on all parameters. We have used a SentiWordNet based scheme with two different linguistic feature selections comprising of adjectives, adverbs and verbs and n-gram feature extraction. We have also used our SentiWordNet scheme to compute the document-level sentiment for each movie reviewed and compared the results with results obtained using Alchemy API. The sentiment profile of a movie is also compared with the document-level sentiment result. The results obtained show that our scheme produces a more accurate and focused sentiment profile than the simple document-level sentiment analysis.	2013	10.8
Sentiment classification based on supervised latent n-gram analysis	In this paper, we propose an efficient embedding for modeling higher-order (n-gram) phrases that projects the n-grams to low-dimensional latent semantic space, where a classification function can be defined. We utilize a deep neural network to build a unified discriminative framework that allows for estimating the parameters of the latent space as well as the classification function with a bias for the target classification task at hand. We apply the framework to large-scale sentimental classification task. We present comparative evaluation of the proposed method on two (large) benchmark data sets for online product reviews. The proposed method achieves superior performance in comparison to the state of the art.	2011	9
Joint Bilingual Sentiment Classification with Unlabeled Parallel Corpora.	Abstract Most previous work on multilingual sentiment analysis has focused on methods to adapt sentiment resources from resource-rich languages to resource-poor languages. We present a novel approach for joint bilingual sentiment classification at the sentence level that augments available labeled data in each language with unlabeled parallel data. We rely on the intuition that the sentiment labels for parallel sentences should be similar and present a model that jointly learns improved monolingual sentiment classifiers for each language. Experiments on multiple data sets show that the proposed approach (1) outperforms the monolingual baselines, significantly improving the accuracy for both languages by 3.44%--8.12%; (2) outperforms two standard approaches for leveraging unlabeled data; and (3) produces (albeit smaller) performance gains when employing pseudo-parallel data from machine translation engines.	2011	9.2857142857
Sentiment classification for Chinese reviews: a comparison between SVM and semantic approaches	Web content mining is intended to help people to discover valuable information from large amount of unstructured data on the Web. Sentiment classification aims to mining the Web content of product reviews by classifying the reviews into positive or negative opinions. Such kind of classification approaches could help both consumers and sellers in making their decisions. But it is also a complicated task with great challenge. This paper conducted a comparison between the SVM approach and semantic approach for sentiment classification of Chinese reviews and also proposed some improvement for sentiment classification approaches. Experimental result indicated that, compared with previous researches for English reviews, the performance of both approaches for Chinese reviews sentiment classification are acceptable, while the support vector machine approach has better performance than the semantic orientation approach.	2005	5.7692307692
Chinese Sentence-Level Sentiment Classification Based on Sentiment Morphemes	In this paper, we take morphemes as the basic tokens and present a fine-to-coarse strategy for Chinese sentence-level sentiment classification. This study involves three parts. First, we employ morphological productivity to extract sentiment morphemes from a sentiment dictionary and to calculate their polarity intensity at the same time. Then, we apply the acquired morpheme-level sentiment information to predict the semantic orientation of sentiment words and phrases within an opinionated sentence. Finally, all the sentiment phrases and their polarity scores are combined to determine the semantic orientation of the sentence. The experimental results on NTCIR-6 OAPT test set show our system can achieve state-of-the-art performance.	2010	8.25
Active deep networks for semi-supervised sentiment classification	This paper presents a novel semi-supervised learning algorithm called Active Deep Networks (ADN), to address the semi-supervised sentiment classification problem with active learning. First, we propose the semi-supervised learning method of ADN. ADN is constructed by Restricted Boltzmann Machines (RBM) with unsupervised learning using labeled data and abundant of unlabeled data. Then the constructed structure is fine-tuned by gradient-descent based supervised learning with an exponential loss function. Second, we apply active learning in the semi-supervised learning framework to identify reviews that should be labeled as training data. Then ADN architecture is trained by the selected labeled data and all unlabeled data. Experiments on five sentiment classification datasets show that ADN outperforms the semi-supervised learning algorithm and deep learning techniques applied for sentiment classification.   	2010	8.25
Active Deep Networks for Semi-Supervised Sentiment Classification.	By embedding prior knowledge into the learning structure, this paper presents a two-step semi-supervised learning method called fuzzy deep belief networks (FDBN) for sentiment classification. First, we train the general deep belief networks (DBN) by the semi-supervised learning taken on training dataset. Then, we design a fuzzy membership function for each class of reviews based on the learned deep architecture. Since the training of DBN maps each review into the DBN output space, the distribution of all training samples in the space is treated as prior knowledge and is encoded by a series of fuzzy membership functions. Second, based on the fuzzy membership functions and the DBN obtained in the first step, a novel FDBN architecture is constructed and the supervised learning stage is applied to improve the classification performance of the FDBN. FDBN not only inherits the powerful abstraction ability of DBN, but also demonstrates the attractive fuzzy classification ability for handling sentiment data. To inherit the advantages of both active learning and FDBN, we also propose an active FDBN (AFD) semi-supervised learning method. The empirical validation on five sentiment classification datasets demonstrates the effectiveness of FDBN and AFD methods.	2010	8
Experimental Study on Sentiment Classification of Chinese Review using Machine Learning Techniques	Machine learning method in text classification has expanded from topic identification to more challenging tasks such as sentiment classification, and it is valuable to explore, compare methods applied in sentiment classification and investigate relevant influence factors. The chief aim of the present work is to compare four machine learning methods to sentiment classification of Chinese review. The corpus is made up of 16000 reviews from website.We investigate the factors which affect the performance: namely feature representation via Word-Based Unigram (WBU),Bigram (WBB) and Chinese Character-Based Bigram (CBB), Trigram (CBT);feature weighting schemes and feature dimensionality.Experimental evaluations show that performance depends on different settings. As a result, we draw a conclusion that Na?ve Bayes (NB) classifier obtains the best averaging performance when using WBB, CBT as features with bool weighting under different dimensionality to the task.	2007	6.8181818182
Analysis of different approaches to Sentence-Level Sentiment Classification	Sentiment classification is a way to analyze the subjective information in the text and then mine the opinion. Sentiment analysis is the procedure by which information is extracted from the opinions, appraisals and emotions of people in regards to entities, events and their attributes. In decision making, the opinions of others have a significant effect on customers ease, making choices with regards to online shopping, choosing events, products, entities. The approaches of text sentiment analysis typically work at a particular level like phrase, sentence or document level. This paper aims at analyzing a solution for the sentiment classification at a fine-grained level, namely the sentence level in which polarity of the sentence can be given by three categories as positive, negative and neutral.	2013	9.8
Weakly supervised techniques for domain-independent sentiment classification	An important sub-task of sentiment analysis is polarity classification, in which text is classified as being positive or negative. Supervised machine learning techniques can perform this task very effectively. However, they require a large corpus of training data, and a number of studies have demonstrated that the good performance of supervised models is dependent on a good match between the training and testing data with respect to the domain, topic and time-period. Weakly-supervised techniques use a large collection of unlabelled text to determine sentiment, and so their performance may be less dependent on the domain, topic and time-period represented by the testing data. This paper presents experiments that investigate the effectiveness of word similarity techniques when performing weakly-supervised sentiment classification. It also considers the extent to which the performance of each method is independent from the domain, topic and time-period of the testing data. The results indicate that the word similarity techniques are suitable for applications that require sentiment classification across several domains.	2009	7.6666666667
Sentiment Classification of Movie and Product Reviews Using Contextual Valence Shifters	Abstract We present a method for determining the sentiment expressed by a customer review. The semantic orientation of a review can be pos- itive, negative, or neutral. Our method counts positive and negative terms, but also takes into account contextual valence shifters, such as negations and intensiers. Tests are done taking both negations and in- tensiers into account, and also using only negations without intensi- ers. Negations are used to reverse the semantic polarity of a particular term, while intensiers are used to change the degree to which a term is positive or negative. We use the General Inquirer in order to identify positive and negative terms, as well as negations, overstatements, and understatements. We also test the impact of adding extra positive and negative terms from other sources, including a dictionary of synonym dierences and a very large web corpus. To compute the corpus-based values of the semantic orientation of individual terms we use their as- sociation scores with a small group of positive and negative terms. We show that including contextual valence shifters improves the accuracy of the classication.	2006	5.8333333333
Sentiment classification for Chinese reviews: a comparison between SVM and semantic approaches	Web content mining is intended to help people to discover valuable information from large amount of unstructured data on the web. Sentiment classification aims to mining the web content of product reviews by classifying the reviews into positive or negative opinions. Such kind of classification approaches could help both consumers and sellers in making their decisions. But it is also a complicated task with great challenge. This paper conducted a comparison between the SVM approach and semantic approach for sentiment classification of Chinese reviews and also proposed some improvement for sentiment classification approaches. Experimental result indicated that, compared with previous researches for English reviews, the performance of both approaches for Chinese reviews sentiment classification are acceptable, while the Support Vector Machine approach has better performance than the Semantic Orientation approach. 漏 2005 IEEE.	2005	5.3846153846
Sentiment classification using sentence-level semantic orientation of opinion terms from blogs	Sentiment analysis is the procedure by which information is extracted from the opinions, appraisals and emotions of people in regards to entities, events and their attributes. In decision making, the opinions of others have a significant effect on customers ease in making choices regards to online shopping, choosing events, products, entities. In this paper, the rule based domain independent sentiment analysis method is proposed. The proposed method classifies subjective and objective sentences from reviews and blog comments. The semantic score of subjective sentences is extracted from SentiWordNet to calculate their polarity as positive, negative or neutral based on the contextual sentence structure. The results show the effectiveness of the proposed method and it outperforms the machine learning methods. The proposed method achieves an accuracy of 87% at the feedback level and 83% at the sentence level.	2012	8.3333333333
Sentiment Classification Using Sentence-level Lexical Based Semantic Orientation of Online Reviews	Sentiment analysis is the process of extracting knowledge from the peoples鈥 opinions, appraisals and emotions toward entities, events and their attributes. These opinions greatly impact on customers to make their choices regarding online shopping, choosing events, products and entities. With the rapid growth of online resources, discussion groups, forums and blogs; people communicate through these means of internet on daily basis. As a result, the vast amount of new data in the form of customer reviews and opinions are being generated progressively. So it is desired to develop an efficient and effective sentiment analysis system for online customer reviews and comments. In this study, the rule based domain independent sentiment analysis method is proposed. The proposed method classifies subjective and objective sentences from reviews and blog comments. The semantic score of subjective sentences is extracted from SentiWordNet to calculate their polarity as positive, negative or neutral based on the contextual sentence structure. The results show the effectiveness of the proposed method and it outperforms the word level and machine learning methods. The proposed method achieves an accuracy of 97.8% at the feedback level and 86.6% at the sentence level.	2011	7.1428571429
Chinese Sentence-Level Sentiment Classification Based on Sentiment Morphemes	In this paper, we take morphemes as the basic tokens and present a fine-to-coarse strategy for Chinese sentence-level sentiment classification. This study involves three parts. First, we employ morphological productivity to extract sentiment morphemes from a sentiment dictionary and to calculate their polarity intensity at the same time. Then, we apply the acquired morpheme-level sentiment information to predict the semantic orientation of sentiment words and phrases within an opinionated sentence. Finally, all the sentiment phrases and their polarity scores are combined to determine the semantic orientation of the sentence. The experimental results on NTCIR-6 OAPT test set show our system can achieve state-of-the-art performance.	2010	7.75
Learning to Shift the Polarity of Words for Sentiment Classification	We propose a machine learning based method of sentiment classification of sentences using word-level polarity. The polarities of words in a sentence are not always the same as that of the sentence, because there can be polarity-shifters such as negation expressions. The proposed method models the polarity-shifters. Our model can be trained in two different ways: word-wise and sentence-wise learning. In sentence-wise learning, the model can be trained so that the prediction of sentence polarities should be accurate. The model can also combined with features used in previous work such as bag-of-words and n-grams. We empirically show that our method improves the performance of sentiment classification of sentences especially when we have only small amount of training data.	2008	6.5
Using Objective Words in SentiWordNet to Improve Word-of-Mouth Sentiment Classification	To improve the performance of word-of-mouth sentiment classification, this article reevaluates objective sentiment words in the SentiWordNet sentiment lexicon.	2013	8.6
A Feature Selection Method Based on Fisher’s Discriminant Ratio for Text Sentiment Classification	Owing to its openness, virtualization and sharing criterion, the Internet has been rapidly becoming a platform for people to express their opinion, attitude, feeling and emotion. As the subjectivity texts are often too many for people to go through, how to automatically classify them into different sentiment orientation categories (e.g. positive/negative) has become an important research problem. In this paper, based on Fisher鈥檚 discriminant ratio, an effective feature selection method is proposed for subjectivity text sentiment classification. In order to validate the proposed method, we compared it with the method based on Information Gain while Support Vector Machine is adopted as the classifier. Two experiments are conducted by combining different feature selection methods with two kinds of candidate feature sets. Under 2739 subjectivity documents of COAE2008s and 1006 car-related subjectivity documents, the experimental results indicate that the Fisher鈥檚 discriminant ratio based on word frequency estimation has the best performance respectively with accuracy 86.61% and 82.80% under two corpus while the candidate features are the words which appear in both positive and negative texts.	2011	8.4285714286
Using a contextual entropy model to expand emotion words and their intensity for the sentiment classification of stock market news	Sentiment classification of stock market news involves identifying positive and negative news articles, and is an emerging technique for making stock trend predictions which can facilitate investor decision making. In this paper, we propose the presence and intensity of emotion words as features to classify the sentiment of stock market news articles. To identify such words and their intensity, a contextual entropy model  is developed to expand a set of seed words generated from a small corpus of stock market news articles with sentiment annotation. The contextual entropy model measures the similarity between two words by comparing their contextual distributions using an entropy measure, allowing for the discovery of words similar to the seed words. Experimental results show that the proposed method can discover more useful emotion words and their corresponding intensity, thus improving classification performance. Performance was further improved by the incorporation of intensity into the classification, and the proposed method outperformed the previously-proposed pointwise mutual information (PMI)-based expansion methods.	2013	9
Domain-specific sentiment classification	A domain-specific sentiment classifier that can be used to score the polarity and magnitude of sentiment expressed by domain-specific documents is created. A domain-independent sentiment lexicon is established and a classifier uses the lexicon to score sentiment of domain-specific documents. Sets of high-sentiment documents having positive and negative polarities are identified. The n-grams within the high-sentiment documents are filtered to remove extremely common n-grams. The filtered n-grams are saved as a domain-specific sentiment lexicon and are used as features in a model. The model is trained using a set of training documents which may be manually or automatically labeled as to their overall sentiment to produce sentiment scores for the n-grams in the domain-specific sentiment lexicon. This lexicon is used by the domain-specific sentiment classifier.	2013	7.8
Cross-lingual mixture model for sentiment classification	Abstract The amount of labeled sentiment data in English is much larger than that in other languages. Such a disproportion arouse interest in cross-lingual sentiment classification, which aims to conduct sentiment classification in the target language (e.g. Chinese) using labeled data in the source language (e.g. English). Most existing work relies on machine translation engines to directly adapt labeled data from the source language to the target language. This approach suffers from the limited coverage of vocabulary in the machine translation results. In this paper, we propose a generative cross-lingual mixture model (CLMM) to leverage unlabeled bilingual parallel data. By fitting parameters to maximize the likelihood of the bilingual parallel data, the proposed model learns previously unseen sentiment words from the large bilingual parallel data and improves vocabulary coverage significantly. Experiments on multiple data sets show that CLMM is consistently effective in two settings: (1) labeled data in the target language are unavailable; and (2) labeled data in the target language are also available.	2013	7.2
Active learning for cross-domain sentiment classification	In the literature, various approaches have been proposedto address the domain adaptation problem in sentiment classification (also called cross-domainsentiment classification). However, the adaptation performance normally much suffers when the data distributionsin the source and target domains differ significantly. In this paper, we suggest to perform activelearning for cross-domain sentiment classification by actively selecting a smallamount of labeled data in the target domain. Accordingly, we propose an novel activelearning approach for cross-domain sentiment classification. First, we traintwo individual classifiers, i.e., the source and target classifiers with thelabeled data from the source and target respectively. Then, the two classifiersare employed to select informative samples with the selection strategy of QueryBy Committee (QBC). Third, the two classifier is combined to make theclassification decision. Importantly, the two classifiers are trained by fullyexploiting the unlabeled data in the target domain with the label propagation(LP) algorithm. Empirical studies demonstrate the effectiveness of our active learning approach for cross-domainsentiment classification over some strong baselines.	2013	7.4
Harnessing WordNet senses for supervised sentiment classification	Abstract Traditional approaches to sentiment classification rely on lexical features, syntax-based features or a combination of the two. We propose semantic features using word senses for a supervised document-level sentiment classifier. To highlight the benefit of sense-based features, we compare word-based representation of documents with a sense-based representation where WordNet senses of the words are used as features. In addition, we highlight the benefit of senses by presenting a part-of-speech-wise effect on sentiment classification. Finally, we show that even if a WSD engine disambiguates between a limited set of words in a document, a sentiment classifier still performs better than what it does in absence of sense annotation. Since word senses used as features show promise, we also examine the possibility of using similarity metrics defined on WordNet to address the problem of not finding a sense in the training corpus. We perform experiments using three popular similarity metrics to mitigate the effect of unknown synsets in a test corpus by replacing them with similar synsets from the training corpus. The results show promising improvement with respect to the baseline.	2011	6
Knowledge transformation for cross-domain sentiment classification	With the explosion of user-generated web2.0 content in the form of blogs, wikis and discussion forums, the Internet has rapidly become a massive dynamic repository of public opinion on an unbounded range of topics. A key enabler of opinion extraction and summarization is sentiment classification: the task of automatically identifying whether a given piece of text expresses positive or negative opinion towards a topic of interest. Building high-quality sentiment classifiers using standard text categorization methods is challenging due to the lack of labeled data in a target domain. In this paper, we consider the problem of cross-domain sentiment analysis: can one, for instance, download rated movie reviews from rottentomatoes.com or IMBD discussion forums, learn linguistic expressions and sentiment-laden terms that generally characterize opinionated reviews and then successfully transfer this knowledge to the target domain, thereby building high-quality sentiment models without manual effort? We outline a novel sentiment transfer mechanism based on constrained non-negative matrix tri-factorizations of term-document matrices in the source and target domains. We report some preliminary results with this approach.	2009	5.8888888889
Exploring the Use of Word Relation Features for Sentiment Classification.	ABSTRACT  Word relation features, which encode relation information between words, are supposed to be effective features for sentiment classification. However, the use of word relation features suffers from two issues. One is the sparse-data problem and the lack of generalization performance; the other is the limitation of using word relations as additional features to unigrams. To address the two issues, we propose a generalized word relation feature extraction method and an ensemble model to efficiently integrate unigrams and different type of word relation features. Furthermore, aimed at reducing the computation complexity, we propose two fast feature selection methods that are specially designed for word relation features. A range of experiments are conducted to evaluate the effectiveness and efficiency of our approaches.	2010	5.625
Sample cutting method for imbalanced text sentiment classification based on BRC	Although the boundary region cutting algorithm BRC is aimed to text sentiment classification we believe that it is also suitable to any two-category classification problem with imbalanced sample data.	2013	6.8
Using Objective Words in SentiWordNet to Improve Word-of-Mouth Sentiment Classification	To improve the performance of word-of-mouth sentiment classification, this article reevaluates objective sentiment words in the SentiWordNet sentiment lexicon.	2013	7.2
Mine the Easy, Classify the Hard: A Semi-Supervised Approach to Automatic Sentiment Classification	Supervised polarity classification systems are typically domain-specific. Building these systems involves the expensive pro- cess of annotating a large amount of data for each domain. 	2009	5.1111111111
Sentiment classification using the theory of ANNs	Sentiment classification has attracted increasing interest from natural language processing. The goal of sentiment classification is to automatically identify whether a given piece of text expresses positive or negative opinion on a topic of interest. This paper presents the standpoint that uses individual model (i-model) based on artificial neural networks (ANNs) to determine text sentiment classification. The individual model consists of sentimental features, feature weight and prior knowledge base. During the training process, i-model that makes right sentimental judgment will correct those are wrong, to make more accurate prediction of text sentiment polarity. Experimental results show that the accuracy of individual model is higher than that of support vector machines (SVMs) and hidden Markov model (HMM) classifiers on movie review corpus.	2010	5.25
Sentiment Classification for Chinese News Using Machine Learning Methods	In this paper,we study how to apply machine learning techniques to solve sentiment classification problems.The main task of sentiment classification is to determine whether news or reviews is negative or positive.Naive Bayes and Maximum Entropy classification are used for the sentiment classification of Chinese news and reviews.The experimental results show that the methods we employed perform well.The accuracy of classification can achieve about 90%.Moreover,we find that selecting the words with polarity as features,negation tagging and representing test documents as feature presence vectors can improve the performance of sentiment classification.Conclusively,sentiment classification is a more challenging problem.	2007	4.3636363636
Multi-Domain Sentiment Classification with Classifier Combination	State-of-the-arts studies on sentiment classification are typically domain-dependent and domain-restricted. In this paper, we aim to reduce domain dependency and improve overall performance simultaneously by proposing an efficient multi-domain sentiment classification algorithm. Our method employs the approach of multiple classifier combination. In this approach, we first train single domain classifiers separately with domain specific data, and then combine the classifiers for the final decision. Our experiments show that this approach performs much better than both single domain classification approach (using the training data individually) and mixed domain classification approach (simply combining all the training data). In particular, classifier combination with weighted sum rule obtains an average error reduction of 27.6% over single domain classification.	2011	5.5714285714
Active learning for imbalanced sentiment classification	Abstract Active learning is a promising way for sentiment classification to reduce the annotation cost. In this paper, we focus on the imbalanced class distribution scenario for sentiment classification, wherein the number of positive samples is quite different from that of negative samples. This scenario posits new challenges to active learning. To address these challenges, we propose a novel active learning approach, named co-selecting, by taking both the imbalanced class distribution issue and uncertainty into account. Specifically, our co-selecting approach employs two feature subspace classifiers to collectively select most informative minority-class samples for manual annotation by leveraging a certainty measurement and an uncertainty measurement, and in the meanwhile, automatically label most informative majority-class samples, to reduce human-annotation efforts. Extensive experiments across four domains demonstrate great potential and effectiveness of our proposed co-selecting approach to active learning for imbalanced sentiment classification.	2012	5.8333333333
Active Learning for Cross-Lingual Sentiment Classification	Cross-lingual sentiment classification alms to predict the sentiment orientation of a text in a language (named as the target language) with the help of the resources from another language (named as the source language).How ever, current cross-lingual performance is normally far away from satisfaction due to the huge difference in linguistic expression and social culture.In this pa per, we suggest to perform active learning for cross-lingual sentiment classifica tion, where only a small scale of samples are actively selected and manually annotated to achieve reasonable performance in a short time for the target lan guage.The challenge therein is that there are normally much more labeled sam pies in the source language than those in the target language.This makes the small amount of labeled samples from the target language flooded in the ab oundance of labeled samples from the source language, which largely reduces their impact on cross-lingual sentiment classification.To address this issue, we propose a data quality controlling approach in the source language to select high-quality samples from the source language.Specifically, we propose two kinds of data quality measurements, intra-and extra-quality measurements, from the certainty and similarity perspectives.Empirical studies verify the appropriateness of our active learning approach to cross-lingual sentiment classification.	2013	6.6
Bilingual Co-Training for Sentiment Classification of Chinese Product Reviews	The lack of reliable Chinese sentiment resources limits research progress on Chinese sentiment classification. However, there are many freely available English sentiment resources on the Web. This article focuses on the problem of cross-lingual sentiment classification, which leverages only available English resources for Chinese sentiment classification. We first investigate several basic methods (including lexicon-based methods and corpus-based methods) for cross-lingual sentiment classification by simply leveraging machine translation services to eliminate the language gap, and then propose a bilingual co-training approach to make use of both the English view and the Chinese view based on additional unlabeled Chinese data. Experimental results on two test sets show the effectiveness of the proposed approach, which can outperform basic methods and transductive methods.	2011	5.7142857143
SentiRank: Cross-Domain Graph Ranking for Sentiment Classification	Sentiment classification is attracting more and more attention because of its great benefits to social and human life. Usually supervised classification approaches perform well in sentiment classification, but the performance decreases sharply when transferred from one domain to another domain. In this paper, we propose an approach, SentiRank, which integrates the sentiment orientations of the documents into the graph-ranking algorithm for cross-domain sentiment classification. We apply the graph-ranking algorithm using the accurate labels of old-domain documents as well as the “pseudo” labels of new-domain documents, and investigate their relative importance for cross-domain sentiment classification. The experiment results indicate that the proposed algorithm could improve the performance of cross-domain sentiment classification dramatically.	2009	4.6666666667
Sentiment classification of customer reviews based on fuzzy logic	Nowadays, e-commerce is growing fast, so product reviews have grown rapidly on the web. The large number of reviews makes it difficult for manufacturers or businesses to automatically classify them into different semantic orientations (positive, negative, and neutral). Most existing method utilize a list of opinion words for sentiment classification. whereas, this paper propose a fuzzy logic model to perform semantic classifications of customers review into the following sub-classes: very weak, weak, moderate, very strong and strong by combinations adjective, adverb and verb to increase holistic the accuracy of lexicon approach. Fuzzy logic, unlike statistical data mining techniques, not only allows using non-numerical values also introduces the notion of linguistic variables. Using linguistic terms and variables will result in a more human oriented querying process.	2010	4.75
OPINION MINING AND SENTIMENT CLASSIFICATION: A SURVEY	With the evolution of web technology, there is a huge amount of data present in the web for the internet users. These users not only use the available resources in the web, but also give their feedback, thus generating additional useful information. Due to overwhelming amount of user’s opinions, views, feedback and suggestions available through the web resources, it’s very much essential to explore, analyze and organize their views for better decision making. Opinion Mining or Sentiment Analysis is a Natural Language Processing and Information Extraction task that identifies the user’s views or opinions explained in the form of positive, negative or neutral comments and quotes underlying the text. Text categorization generally classifies the documents by topic. This survey gives an overview of the efficient techniques, recent advancements and the future research directions in the field of Sentiment Analysis.	2012	5.5
Sentiment classification using automatically extracted subgraph features	ABSTRACT  In this work, we propose a novel representation of text based on patterns derived from linguistic annotation graphs. We use a subgraph mining algorithm to automatically derive features as frequent subgraphs from the annotation graph. This process generates a very large number of features, many of which are highly correlated. We propose a genetic programming based approach to feature construction which creates a fixed number of strong classification predictors from these subgraphs. We evaluate the benefit gained from evolved structured features, when used in addition to the bag-of-words features, for a sentiment classification task.	2010	4.25
Research on Language Modeling Based Sentiment Classification of Text	"Presented in this paper is a language modeling approach to the sentiment classification of text.It provides the semantic information beyond topic in text summary when characterizing the semantic orientation of texts as ""thumb up"" or ""thumb down"".The motivation is simple:""thumb up"" and ""thumb down"" language models are likely to be substantially different:they prefer to different language habits.This divergence is exploited in the language models to effectively classify test documents.Therefore,the method can be deployed in two stages:firstly,the two sentiment language models are estimated from training data;secondly,tests are done through comparing the Kullback-Leibler divergence between the language model estimated from test document and those two trained sentiment models.The unigrams and bigrams of words are employed as the model parameters,and correspondingly maximum likelihood estimation and smoothing techniques are used to estimate these parameters.Compared with two different classifiers,i.e.SVMs and Na顣寁e Bayes,on movie review corpus when training data is limited,the language modeling approach performs better than SVMs and Na顣寁e Bayes classifier,and on the other hand it shows its robustness in sentiment classification.Future works may focus on finding a good way to estimate better language models,especially the higher order n-gram models and more powerful smoothing methods."	2007	3.6363636364
SentiRank: Cross-Domain Graph Ranking for Sentiment Classification	Sentiment classification is attracting more and more attention because of its great benefits to social and human life. Usually supervised classification approaches perform well in sentiment classification, but the performance decreases sharply when transferred from one domain to another domain. In this paper, we propose an approach, SentiRank, which integrates the sentiment orientations of the documents into the graph-ranking algorithm for cross-domain sentiment classification. We apply the graph-ranking algorithm using the accurate labels of old-domain documents as well as the “pseudo” labels of new-domain documents, and investigate their relative importance for cross-domain sentiment classification. The experiment results indicate that the proposed algorithm could improve the performance of cross-domain sentiment classification dramatically.	2009	4.4444444444
Use of negation phrases in automatic sentiment classification of product reviews	This paper reports a study in automatic sentiment classification, i.e., automatically classifying documents as expressing positive or negative sentiments. The study investigates the effectiveness of using a machine-learning algorithm, support vector machine (SVM), on various text features to classify on-line product reviews into recommended (positive sentiment) and not recommended (negative sentiment). In the first part of this study, several approaches, unigrams (individual words), selected words (such as verb, adjective, and adverb), and words labeled with part-of-speech tags were investigated. Using SVM, the unigram approach obtained an accuracy rate of around 76%. Error analysis suggests various approaches for improving classification accuracy: handling of negation phrases, inferencing from superficial words, and handling the problem of comments on parts of the product. The second part of the study investigated the use of negation phrase n-grams to improve classification accuracy. This approach increased the accuracy rate to 79.33%. Compared with traditional subject classification which mainly uses unigrams, syntactic and semantic processing of text appear more important for sentiment classification. We expect that deeper linguistic processing will help increase accuracy for sentiment classification.	2005	3.5384615385
Sentiment vector space model for lyric-based song sentiment classification	Song sentiment analysis attracts much attention in research areas such as acoustic signal processing (ASP) and natural language processing (NLP). The text-based efforts in the NLP community are found to be interesting. As a popular text-based solution, the lyric-based sentiment classification approach adopts the vector space model (VSM) to represent lyric text and assigns songs sentiment labels such as light-hearted and heavy-hearted. Four problems render the term-based VSM model ineffective. Firstly, many words within song lyrics contribute little to expressing sentiment, but they are equally considered as term features. Secondly, nouns and verbs being used to express sentiment are ambiguously used in natural language text. But the ambiguity is not addressed. Thirdly, negations and modifiers accompanying the sentiment keywords make particular contributions to sentiment expressing, but the contributions are not reflected. Lastly, song lyric is usually very short and data sparseness problem is serious. To ...	2008	3.8
Incorporating lexicon knowledge into SVM learning to improve sentiment classification	A sentiment classifier for sentiment classification of content. An aspect classifier is configured to classify content as being related to a particular aspect of information, the aspect classifier incorporating at least a portion of the domain specific sentiment lexicon. A polarity classifier is then configured to classify the content classified by the aspect classifier as having one of a positive sentiment of the particular aspect of information, a negative sentiment of the particular aspect of information or as having no sentiment as to the particular aspect of information. The polarity classifier also incorporating at least a portion of the domain specific sentiment lexicon.	2013	6
A Feature Selection Method Based on Fisher’s Discriminant Ratio for Text Sentiment Classification	With the rapid growth of e-commerce, product reviews on the Web have become an important information source for customers’ decision making when they intend to buy some product. As the reviews are often too many for customers to go through, how to automatically classify them into different sentiment orientation categories (i.e. positive/negative) has become a research problem. In this paper, based on Fisher’s discriminant ratio, an effective feature selection method is proposed for product review text sentiment classification. In order to validate the validity of the proposed method, we compared it with other methods respectively based on information gain and mutual information while support vector machine is adopted as the classifier. In this paper, 6 subexperiments are conducted by combining different feature selection methods with 2 kinds of candidate feature sets. Under 1006 review documents of cars, the experimental results indicate that the Fisher’s discriminant ratio based on word frequency estimation has the best performance with F value 83.3% while the candidate features are the words which appear in both positive and negative texts.	2009	3.8888888889
Sentiment classification techniques for tracking literary reputation	The initial stages of a project tracking the literary reputation of authors are described. The critical reviews of six authors who either rose to fame or fell to obscurity between 1900 and 1950 will be examined and we hope to demonstrate the contribution of each text to the evolving reputations of the authors. We provide an initial report on the use of the semantic orientation of adjectives and their rough position in the text to calculate the overall orientation of the text and suggest ways in which this calculation can be improved. Improvements include further development of adjective lists, expansion of these lists and the consequent algorithms for calculating orientation to include other parts of speech, and the use of Rhetorical Structure Theory to differentiate units that make a direct contribution to the intended orientation from those that are contrastive or otherwise make an indirect contribution.	2006	3.0833333333
Sentiment classification using rough set based hybrid feature selection	Sentiment analysis means to extract opinion of users from review documents. Sentiment classification using Machine Learning (ML) methods faces the problem of high dimensionality of feature vector. Therefore, a feature selection method is required to eliminate the irrelevant and noisy features from the feature vector for efficient working of ML algorithms. Rough Set Theory based feature selection method finds the optimal feature subset by eliminating the redundant features. In this paper, Rough Set Theory (RST) based feature selection method is applied for sentiment classification. A Hybrid feature selection method based on RST and Information Gain (IG) is proposed for sentiment classification. Proposed methods are evaluated on four standard datasets viz. Movie review, product (book, DVD and electronics) review dataset. Experimental results show that Hybrid feature selection method outperforms than other feature selection methods for sentiment classification. 1	2013	4.8
A New Method for Sentiment Classification in Text Retrieval	Traditional text categorization is usually a topic-based task, but a subtle demand on information retrieval is to distinguish between positive and negative view on text topic. In this paper, a new method is explored to solve this problem. Firstly, a batch of Concerned Concepts in the researched domain is predefined. Secondly, the special knowledge representing the positive or negative context of these concepts within sentences is built up. At last, an evaluating function based on the knowledge is defined for sentiment classification of free text. We introduce some linguistic knowledge in these procedures to make our method effective. As a result, the new method proves better compared with SVM when experimenting on Chinese texts about a certain topic.	2005	2.8461538462
Sentiment Classification through Combining Classifiers with Multiple Feature Sets	Sentiment classification aims at assigning a document to a predefined category according to the polarity of its subjective information (e.g. 'thumbs up' or 'thumbs down'). In this paper, we present a classifier combination approach to this task. First, different classifiers are generated through training the review data with different features: unigram and some POS features. Then, classifier selection method is used to select a part of the classifiers for the next-step combination. Finally, these selected classifiers are combined using several combining rules. The experimental results show that all the combination approaches with different combining rules outperform individual classifiers and the sum rule achieves the best performance with an improvement of 2.56% over the best individual classifier.	2007	3.1818181818
Document sentiment classification by exploring description model of topical terms	Sentiment classification is used to identify whether the opinion expressed in a document is positive or negative. In this paper, we present an approach to do documentary-level sentiment classification by modeling description of topical terms. The motivation of this work stems from the observation that the global document classification will benefit greatly by examining the way of a topical term to give opinion in its local sentence context. Two sentence-level sentiment description models, namely positive and negative Topical Term Description Models, are constructed for each topical term. When analyzing a document, the Topical Term Description Models generate divergence to support the classification of its sentiment at the sentence-level which in turn can be used to decide the whole document classification collectively. The results of the experiments prove that our proposed method is effective. It is also shown that our results are comparable to the state-of-art results on a publicly available movie review corpus and a Chinese digital product review corpus. This is quite encouraging to us and motivates us to have further investigation on the development of a more effective topical term related description model in the future.	2011	4.4285714286
Sentiment Classification from Online Customer Reviews Using Lexical Contextual Sentence Structure	Sentiment analysis is the procedure by which information is extracted from the opinions, appraisals and emotions of people in regards to entities, events and their attributes. In decision making, the opinions of others have a significant effect on customers, ease in making choices regards to online shopping, choosing events, products, entities, etc. When an important decision needs to be made, consumers usually want to know the opinion, sentiment and emotion of others. With rapidly growing online resources such as online discussion groups, forums and blogs, people are commentating via the Internet. As a result, a vast amount of new data in the form of customer reviews, comments and opinions about products, events and entities are being generated more and more. So it is desired to develop an efficient and effective sentiment analysis system for online customer reviews and comments. In this paper, the rule based domain independent sentiment analysis method is proposed. The proposed method classifies subjective and objective sentences from reviews and blog comments. The semantic score of subjective sentences is extracted from SentiWordNet to calculate their polarity as positive, negative or neutral based on the contextual sentence structure. The results show the effectiveness of the proposed method and it outperforms the word level and machine learning methods. The proposed method achieves an accuracy of 97.8% at the feedback level and 86.6% at the sentence level.	2011	4.1428571429
Bilingual co-training for sentiment classification of chinese product reviews	Abstract The lack of reliable Chinese sentiment resources limits research progress on Chinese sentiment classification. However, there are many freely available English sentiment resources on the Web. This article focuses on the problem of cross-lingual sentiment classification, which leverages only available English resources for Chinese sentiment classification. We first investigate several basic methods (including lexicon-based methods and corpus-based methods) for cross-lingual sentiment classification by simply leveraging machine translation services to eliminate the language gap, and then propose a bilingual co-training approach to make use of both the English view and the Chinese view based on additional unlabeled Chinese data. Experimental results on two test sets show the effectiveness of the proposed approach, which can outperform basic methods and transductive methods.	2011	4.1428571429
Research on Sentiment Classification of Chinese Reviews Based on Supervised Machine Learning Techniques	Sentiment classification is an applied technology with great significance.It can solve information disorder and help people locate the required reviews in the Internet.Up to now,most research of sentiment classification is on English reviews,and little work has been done on Chinese reviews.To find an effective way for the task based on supervised machine learning method,and analyze the influence by term expression and term selection,this paper conducted some experiments under distinct environments,including different feature representation,different feature selection,different categorization technique,different size of features and different size of training data,over Chinese text collections.The experimental results show that sentiment classification will obtain high performance,when using bigrams representation,information gain and SVM classifier,enough training data and plenty of features.	2007	3.1818181818
An empirical study to address the problem of Unbalanced Data Sets in sentiment classification	With the emergence of Web 2.0, Sentiment Analysis is receiving more and more attention. Several interesting works were performed to address different issues in Sentiment Analysis. Nevertheless, the problem of Unbalanced Data Sets was not enough tackled within this research area. This paper presents the study we have carried out to address the problem of unbalanced data sets in supervised sentiment classification in a multi-lingual context. We propose three different methods to under-sample the majority class documents. These methods are Remove Similar, Remove Farthest and Remove by Clustering. Our goal is to compare the effectiveness of the proposed methods with the common random under-sampling. We also aim to evaluate the behavior of the classifiers toward different under-sampling rates. We use three different common classifiers, namely Na茂ve Bayes, Support Vector Machines and k-Nearest Neighbors. The experiments are carried out on two Arabic data sets and an English data set. We show that the four under-sampling methods are typically competitive. Na茂ve Bayes is shown as insensitive to unbalanced data sets. But Support Vector Machines seems to be highly sensitive to unbalanced data sets; k-Nearest Neighbors shows a slight sensitivity to imbalance in comparison with Support Vector Machines.	2012	4.6666666667
A New Method for Sentiment Classification in Text Retrieval	Traditional text categorization is usually a topic-based task, but a subtle demand on information retrieval is to distinguish between positive and negative view on text topic. In this paper, a new method is explored to solve this problem. Firstly, a batch of Concerned Concepts in the researched domain is predefined. Secondly, the special knowledge representing the positive or negative context of these concepts within sentences is built up. At last, an evaluating function based on the knowledge is defined for sentiment classification of free text. We introduce some linguistic knowledge in these procedures to make our method effective. As a result, the new method proves better compared with SVM when experimenting on Chinese texts about a certain topic.	2005	2.6923076923
Sentence based sentiment classification from online customer reviews	Sentiment analysis is the process of analyzing and classifying the rewires contents about a product, event, and place etc into positive, negative or neutral opinion. In this paper; we propose a sentence level machine learning approach for sentiment classification of online reviews. The proposed method extracts the subjective sentences from the reviews and label each sentence either positive or negative based on its word level feature using naïve Naïve Bayesian (NB) classifier. The labeled sentences create an annotated set of sentences called as BOS (Bag-of-Sentences). We train Support Vector machine (SVM) classifier on the BOS for sentences polarity classification. The contextual information in each sentence structure is taken into consideration to calculate the semantic orientation. The effectiveness of the proposed method is evaluated thought simulation. Results show that our machine learning based proposed method on average achieves accuracy of 81% and 83% with some contextual information. This method improves the sentiment classification polarity on sentence level unlike the word level lexical feature based work, by focus on sentences, this also concentrate on contextual information.	2010	3.75
Comment Target Extraction and Sentiment Classification	The research on sentiment analysis is a hot issue in natural language processing.This paper makes an intensive study of the two stages of sentiment analysis: the comment target extraction and the corresponding sentiment classification.For the first task,we use the syntactic analysis to obtain the candidats,and then combine PMI based on web mining and NN filtering algorithm to decide the targets.For the second task,we design certain heuristic rules by analyzing subjective sentences,and then apply these rules to predict the orientation of opinion in the sentences.This method performs well in Task Three of the COAE2008 i.	2010	3.625
Adaptive co-training SVM for sentiment classification on tweets	ABSTRACT  Sentiment classification is an important problem in tweets mining. There lack labeled data and rating mechanism for generating them in Twitter service. And topics in Twitter are more diverse while sentiment classifiers always dedicate themselves to a specific domain or topic. Thus it is a challenge to make sentiment classification adaptive to diverse topics without sufficient labeled data. Therefore we formally propose an adaptive multiclass SVM model which transfers an initial common sentiment classifier to a topic-adaptive one. To tackle the tweet sparsity, non-text features are explored besides the conventional text features, which are intuitively split into two views. An iterative algorithm is proposed for solving this model by alternating among three steps: optimization, unlabeled data selection and adaptive feature expansion steps. The algorithm alternatively minimizes the margins of two independent objectives on different views to learn coefficient matrices, which are collaboratively used for unlabeled tweets selection from the topic that the algorithm is adapting to. And then topic-adaptive sentiment words are expended based on the above selection, in turn to help the first two steps find more confident and unlabeled tweets and boost the final performance. Comparing with the well-known supervised sentiment classifiers and semi-supervised approaches, our algorithm achieves promising increases in accuracy averagely on the 6 topics from public tweet corpus.	2013	4.4
Sentiment Classification from Online Customer Reviews Using Lexical Contextual Sentence Structure	Sentiment analysis is the procedure by which information is extracted from the opinions, appraisals and emotions of people in regards to entities, events and their attributes. In decision making, the opinions of others have a significant effect on customers, ease in making choices regards to online shopping, choosing events, products, entities, etc. When an important decision needs to be made, consumers usually want to know the opinion, sentiment and emotion of others. With rapidly growing online resources such as online discussion groups, forums and blogs, people are commentating via the Internet. As a result, a vast amount of new data in the form of customer reviews, comments and opinions about products, events and entities are being generated more and more. So it is desired to develop an efficient and effective sentiment analysis system for online customer reviews and comments. In this paper, the rule based domain independent sentiment analysis method is proposed. The proposed method classifies subjective and objective sentences from reviews and blog comments. The semantic score of subjective sentences is extracted from SentiWordNet to calculate their polarity as positive, negative or neutral based on the contextual sentence structure. The results show the effectiveness of the proposed method and it outperforms the word level and machine learning methods. The proposed method achieves an accuracy of 97.8% at the feedback level and 86.6% at the sentence level.	2011	4.1428571429
Sentiment Classification for Chinese Reviews Using Machine Learning Methods Based on String Kernel	Opinions and reviews on products and services are expressed in the Web through blogs, feedback forms; it is essential to develop methods to automatically classify and gauge them to identify the underlying sentiment about the product. Analyzing the polarity of sentiment expressed in data is Opinion Mining (OM). It is a system that identifies and classifies opinion/sentiment as represented in...  /react-text  react-text: 500   /react-text [Show full abstract]	2008	3
An Ontology-Based Sentiment Classification Methodology for Online Consumer Reviews	This paper presents a method of ontology-based sentiment classification to classify and analyse online product reviews of consumers. We implement and experiment with a support vector machines text classification approach based on a lexical variable ontology. After testing, it could be demonstrated that the proposed method can provide more effectiveness for sentiment classification based on text content.	2008	3.1
Monitoring Public Health Concerns Using Twitter Sentiment Classifications	An important task of public health officials is to keep track of spreading epidemics, and the locations and speed with which they appear. Furthermore, there is interest in understanding how concerned the population is about a disease outbreak. Twitter can serve as an important data source to provide this information in real time. In this paper, we focus on sentiment classification of Twitter messages to measure the Degree of Concern (DOC) of the Twitter users. In order to achieve this goal, we develop a novel two-step sentiment classification workflow to automatically identify personal tweets and negative tweets. Based on this workflow, we present an Epidemic Sentiment Monitoring System (ESMOS) that provides tools for visualizing Twitter users' concern towards different diseases. The visual concern map and chart in ESMOS can help public health officials to identify the progression and peaks of concern for a disease in space and time, so that appropriate preventive actions can be taken. The DOC measure is based on the sentiment-based classifications. We compare clue-based and different Machine Learning methods to classify sentiments of Twitter users regarding diseases, first into personal and neutral tweets and then into negative from neutral personal tweets. In our experiments, Multinomial Nai虉ve Bayes achieved overall the best results and took significantly less time to build the classifier than other methods.	2013	4.6
A Hybrid Method of Feature Selection for Chinese Text Sentiment Classification	Text sentiment classification can be extensively applied to information retrieval, text filtering, online tracking evaluation, the diagnoses of public opinions and chat systems. In this paper, a kinds of hybrid methods, based on category distinguishing ability of words and information gain, is adopted to feature selection. For examining the impact of varying the feature dimension to classification results, using corpus of car reviews, feature dimensions, 1000, 2000 and 3000 are adopted in our experiments. The experiments classification results indicate that the hybrid methods are best with feature dimension equal to 3000, and the result by using hybrid methods is superior to that by directly using information gain. In our experiments F value can achieve over 80%. Finally, some mistake examples are employed to indicate the limitations of methods in this paper.	2007	2.9090909091
Sentiment Classification of Chinese Traveler Reviews by Support Vector Machine Algorithm	Nowadays, online word-of-mouth has turned to be a very important resource for electronic businesses. How to analyze user generated reviews and to classify them into different sentiment classes is gradually becoming a question that people pay close attention to. In this field, special challenges are associated with the mining of traveler reviews. At present, there is some research on sentiment analysis for English traveler generated reviews, but very few studies pay attention to sentiment analysis for traveler reviews in Chinese. China is the largest country in terms of the number of Internet users. Internet technologies are gradually playing more and more important roles for many industries including tourism industry. The lack of sentiment analysis methods will block the use of word-of-mouth for tourism industry in China. To solve the problem, this study conducts an exploring research on sentiment analysis to Chinese traveler reviews by support vector machine (SVM) algorithm. The experiment data of Chinese reviews for hotels are downloaded from www.ctrip.com, the largest online travel agency in China. Empirical results indicate that, comparing to prior studies on English reviews, SVM algorithm can gain a very well performance of sentiment classification for traveler reviews in Chinese.	2009	3.1111111111
Sentiment Classification for Chinese Reviews Using Machine Learning Methods Based on String Kernel	Sentiment classification aims at mining reviews of people for a certain event's topic or product by automatic classifying the reviews into positive or negative opinions. With the fast developing of World Wide Web applications, sentiment classification would have huge opportunity to help people automatic analysis of customers' opinions from the web information. Automatic opinion mining will benefit to both decision maker and ordinary people. Up to now, it is still a complicated task with great challenge. There are mainly two types of approaches for sentiment classification, machine learning methods and semantic orientation methods. Though some pioneer researches explored the approaches for English reviews classification, few jobs have been done on sentiment classification for Chinese reviews. The machine learning approach Based on string kernel for sentiment classification on reviews written in Chinese was proposed in this paper. Data experiment shows the capability of this approach.	2008	3
An ontology-based sentiment classification methodology for online consumer reviews	This paper presents a method of ontology-based sentiment classification to classify and analyse online product reviews of consumers. 	2008	2.9
A two-stage framework for cross-domain sentiment classification	Supervised sentiment classification systems are typically domain-specific, and the performance decreases sharply when transferred from one domain to another domain. Building these systems involves annotating a large amount of data for every domain, which needs much human labor. So, a reasonable way is to utilize labeled data in one existed (or called source) domain for sentiment classification in target domain. To address this problem, we propose a two-stage framework for cross-domain sentiment classification. At the “building a bridge” stage, we build a bridge between the source domain and the target domain to get some most confidently labeled documents in the target domain; at the “following the structure” stage, we exploit the intrinsic structure, revealed by these most confidently labeled documents, to label the target-domain data. The experimental results indicate that the proposed approach could improve the performance of cross-domain sentiment classification dramatically.Highlights? Propose a two-stage framework for sentiment classification. ? Build a bridge between the source and target domain. ? Exploit the intrinsic structure. ? Experimental results indicate the efficiency of proposed approach.	2011	3.7142857143
Sentiment classification: a lexical similarity based approach for extracting subjectivity in documents	With the growth of social media, document sentiment classification has become an active area of research in this decade. It can be viewed as a special case of topical classification applied only to subjective portions of a document (sources of sentiment). Hence, the key task in document sentiment classification is extracting subjectivity. Existing approaches to extract subjectivity rely heavily on linguistic resources such as sentiment lexicons and complex supervised patterns based on part-of-speech (POS) information. This makes the task of subjective feature extraction complex and resource dependent. In this work, we try to minimize the dependency on linguistic resources in sentiment classification. We propose a simple and statistical methodology called review summary (RSUMM) and use it in combination with well-known feature selection methods to extract subjectivity. Our experimental results on a movie review dataset prove the effectiveness of the proposed methodology.	2011	3.5714285714
Cross-lingual sentiment classification via bi-view non-negative matrix tri-factorization	Recently the sentiment classification problem interests the researchers over the world, but most sentiment corpora are in English, which limits the research progress on sentiment classification in other languages. Cross-lingual sentiment classification aims to use annotated sentiment corpora in one language (e.g. English) as training data, to predict the sentiment polarity of the data in another language (e.g. Chinese). In this paper, we design a bi-view non-negative matrix tri-factorization (BNMTF) model for the cross-lingual sentiment classification problem. We employ machine translation service so that both training and test data is able to have two representation, one in source language and the other in target language. Our BNMTF model is derived from the non-negative matrix tri-factorization models in both languages in order to make more accurate prediction. Our BNMTF model has three main advantages: (1) combining the information from two views (2) incorporating the lexical knowledge and training document label knowledge (3) adding information from test documents. Experimental results show the effectiveness of our BNMTF model, which can outperform other baseline approaches to cross-lingual sentiment classification.	2011	3.5714285714
Imbalanced sentiment classification	Sentiment classification has undergone significant development in recent years. However, most existing studies assume the balance between negative and positive samples, which may not be true in reality. In this paper, we investigate imbalanced sentiment classification instead. In particular, a novel clustering-based stratified under-sampling framework and a centroid-directed smoothing strategy are proposed to address the imbalanced class and feature distribution problems respectively. Evaluation across different datasets shows the effectiveness of both the under-sampling framework and the smoothing strategy in handling the imbalanced problems in real sentiment classification applications.	2011	3.4285714286
Sentiment Classification Based on Ontology and SVM Classifier	There are a lot of text documents on the Web which contain opinions or sentiments about an object such as software reviews, product reviews, movies reviews, music reviews, and book reviews etc. Opinion mining or sentiment classification aim to extract the features on which the reviewers express their opinions and determine they are positive or negative. In this paper we proposed an ontology based combination approach to enhance the existing approaches of the sentiment classification. We also used the supervised learning techniques for classification of the sentiments in the software reviews. This paper proposed the combination of using Natural Language Processing techniques (NLP), ontology based on Formal Concept Analysis (FCA) design, and Support Vector Machine (SVM) for classifying the software reviews are positive, negative or neutral.	2010	3.25
Ensemble learning for sentiment classification	This paper presents an ensemble learning method for sentiment classification of reviews. The diversity among the machine learning algorithms for sentiment classification with different settings, which includes different features, different weight measures and the modeling of negation, is investigated in three domains, which gives a space for improving the performance. Then the ensemble learning framework, stacking generalization is introduced based on different algorithms with different settings, and compared with the majority voting. According to the characteristic of reviews, the opinion summary of review is proposed in this paper, which is composed of the first two and last two sentences of review. Results show that stacking has been proven to be consistently effective over all domains, working better than majority voting, and that using the opinion summary can improve the performance further.	2012	3.6666666667
Sentiment Classification of Chinese Traveler Reviews by Support Vector Machine Algorithm	ABSTRACT  Nowadays, online word-of-mouth has turned to be a very important resource for electronic businesses. How to analyze user generated reviews and to classify them into different sentiment classes is gradually becoming a question that people pay close attention to. In this field, special challenges are associated with the mining of traveler reviews. At present, there is some research on sentiment analysis for English traveler generated reviews, but very few studies pay attention to sentiment analysis for traveler reviews in Chinese. China is the largest country in terms of the number of Internet users. Internet technologies are gradually playing more and more important roles for many industries including tourism industry. The lack of sentiment analysis methods will block the use of word-of-mouth for tourism industry in China. To solve the problem, this study conducts an exploring research on sentiment analysis to Chinese traveler reviews by support vector machine (SVM) algorithm. The experiment data of Chinese reviews for hotels are downloaded from www.ctrip.com, the largest online travel agency in China. Empirical results indicate that, comparing to prior studies on English reviews, SVM algorithm can gain a very well performance of sentiment classification for traveler reviews in Chinese.	2009	3
Cross-Lingual Sentiment Classification via Bi-view Non-negative Matrix Tri-Factorization	Summary: Recently the sentiment classification problem interests the researchers over the world, but most sentiment corpora are in English, which limits the research progress on sentiment classification in other languages. Cross-lingual sentiment classification aims to use annotated sentiment corpora in one language (e.g. English) as training data, to predict the sentiment polarity of the data in another language (e.g. Chinese). In this paper, we design a bi-view non-negative matrix tri-factorization (BNMTF) model for the cross-lingual sentiment classification problem. We employ machine translation service so that both training and test data is able to have two representation, one in source language and the other in target language. Our BNMTF model is derived from the non-negative matrix tri-factorization models in both languages in order to make more accurate prediction. Our BNMTF model has three main advantages: (1) combining the information from two views (2) incorporating the lexical knowledge and training document label knowledge (3) adding information from test documents. Experimental results show the effectiveness of our BNMTF model, which can outperform other baseline approaches to cross-lingual sentiment classification.	2011	3.2857142857
Is machine translation ripe for cross-lingual sentiment classification?	Recent advances in Machine Translation (MT) have brought forth a new paradigm for building NLP applications in low-resource scenarios. To build a sentiment classifier for a language with no labeled resources, one can translate labeled data from another language, then train a classifier on the translated text. This can be viewed as a domain adaptation problem, where labeled translations and test data have some mismatch. Various prior work have achieved positive results using this approach. In this opinion piece, we take a step back and make some general statements about crosslingual adaptation problems. First, we claim that domain mismatch is not caused by MT errors, and accuracy degradation will occur even in the case of perfect MT. Second, we argue that the cross-lingual adaptation problem is qualitatively different from other (monolingual) adaptation problems in NLP; thus new adaptation algorithms ought to be considered. This paper will describe a series of carefullydesigned experiments that led us to these conclusions. 1	2011	3.4285714286
Combining collaborative filtering and sentiment classification for improved movie recommendations	Summary: Recommender systems are traditionally of following three types: content-based, collaborative filtering and hybrid systems. Content-based methods are limited in their applicability to textual items only, whereas collaborative filtering due to its accuracy and its black box approach has been used widely for different kinds of item recommendations. Hybrid method, the third approach, tries to combine content and collaborative approaches to improve the recommendation results. In this paper, we present an alternative approach to a hybrid recommender system that improves the results of collaborative filtering by incorporating a sentiment classifier in the recommendation process. We have explored this idea through our experimental work in movie review domain, with collaborative filtering doing first level filtering and the sentiment classifier performing the second level of filtering. The final recommendation list is a more accurate and focused set.	2011	3.4285714286
Using Objective Words In Sentiwordnet To Improve Sentiment Classification For Word Of Mouth	To improve the performance of sentiment classification for word of mouth (WOM), this research re-evaluates objective sentiment words in a sentiment lexicon, SentiWordNet. SentiWordNet provides each synonymous set with three sentiment values regarding positivity, negativity, and objectivity. As the evaluation of sentiments of words in WOM is useful for sentiment classification, SentiWordNet has become a public and popular lexicon resource. This sentiment lexicon includes 117,659 entries but 93.75% of them have a stronger objective sentiment tendency than their sentimental counterparts. A sentiment lexicon such as SentiWordNet with so many objective words may suffer from noise in the application of sentiment classification. This research revises sentiment value and tendency for objective words in SentiWordNet based on assessment of the co-relevance of each objective word and its associated sentiment sentences. Experiments show that this proposed approach is significantly better than the traditional non-revised approach as evaluated by the classification accuracy criterion.	2013	4
Appraisal Expression Recognition with Syntactic Path for Sentence Sentiment Classification	An appraisal expression is described as a collocation of the polarity word and its modified target, which can be considered as an atomic unit expressing an evaluative stance towards a target. Recognizing appraisal expressions is essential for sentence sentiment classification. However, the relevant research is far from enough. This paper proposes a novel method that uses syntactic paths to recognize appraisal expressions. Compared with the previous work, the proposed syntactic path based method has two advantages: 1) it automatically explores syntactic knowledge, and 2) it covers more syntactic relationships between polarity words and targets. Based on these, this paper applies appraisal expressions to sentence sentiment classification. Some novel features based on appraisal expressions, including semantic features, syntactic features, lexical features and polarity features, are designed to classify sentiment sentences as positive or negative. Experimental results on the camera and MP3 player domains show...	2011	3.2857142857
Sentiment Classification Based on Ontology and SVM Classifier	ABSTRACT  There are a lot of text documents on the Web which contain opinions or sentiments about an object such as software reviews, product reviews, movies reviews, music reviews, and book reviews etc. Opinion mining or sentiment classification aim to extract the features on which the reviewers express their opinions and determine they are positive or negative. In this paper we proposed an ontology based combination approach to enhance the existing approaches of the sentiment classification. We also used the supervised learning techniques for classification of the sentiments in the software reviews. This paper proposed the combination of using Natural Language Processing techniques (NLP), ontology based on Formal Concept Analysis (FCA) design, and Support Vector Machine (SVM) for classifying the software reviews are positive, negative or neutral.	2010	2.75
Sentiment Classification of Documents Based on Latent Semantic Analysis	Sentiment classification has attracted increasing interest from natural language processing. The goal of sentiment classification is to automatically identify whether a given piece of text expresses positive or negative opinion on a topic of interest. Latent semantic analysis (LSA) has been shown to be extremely useful in information retrieval. In this paper, we propose a new method, based on LSA and support vector machine (SVM) to improve the sentiment classification performance. This method takes the advantage of both LSA and SVM. During the training process, SVM makes use of its excellent classification ability to conduct the sentiment classification first. To show that our method is feasible and effective, we designed two experiments and the experimental result shows that the introduction of SVM outperforms the other experiment in precision of the polarity analysis.	2011	3.2857142857
Sentiment classification for Chinese product reviews using an unsupervised Internet-based method	Sentiment classification aims at mining opinions of customers for a certain product by automatically classifying the reviews into positive or negative opinions. With the fast developing of World Wide Web applications, sentiment classification would have huge opportunity to help automatic analysis of customers’ opinions from the web information. Opinion mining will benefit both consumers and sellers. Up to now, it is still a complicated task with great challenge. Though some pioneer researches explored the approaches for English review classification, few works have been done on sentiment classification for Chinese reviews. In this paper, we focus on a specific domain—cell phone review and propose an Internet-based approach for Chinese product review mining. The experimental results show the effectiveness of the proposed approach in sentiment classification for Chinese product reviews.	2008	2.5
Ontology based combined approach for sentiment classification	ABSTRACT  Text documents contain opinions or sentiments about the objects, such as movie reviews, book reviews, and product reviews etc. Sentiment analysis is the mining the sentiment or opinion words and identification and analysis of the opinion and arguments in the text. In this paper, we proposed an ontology based combination approach to enhance the exits approaches of sentiment classifications and use supervised learning techniques for classifications.	2009	2.5555555556
Cross-Lingual Sentiment Classification via Bi-view Non-negative Matrix Tri-Factorization	Recently the sentiment classification problem interests the researchers over the world, but most sentiment corpora are in English, which limits the research progress on sentiment classification in other languages. Cross-lingual sentiment classification aims to use annotated sentiment corpora in one language (e.g. English) as training data, to predict the sentiment polarity of the data in another language (e.g. Chinese). In this paper, we design a bi-view non-negative matrix tri-factorization (BNMTF) model for the cross-lingual sentiment classification problem. We employ machine translation service so that both training and test data is able to have two representation, one in source language and the other in target language. Our BNMTF model is derived from the non-negative matrix tri-factorization models in both languages in order to make more accurate prediction. Our BNMTF model has three main advantages: (1) combining the information from two views (2) incorporating the lexical knowledge and training document label knowledge (3) adding information from test documents. Experimental results show the effectiveness of our BNMTF model, which can outperform other baseline approaches to cross-lingual sentiment classification.	2011	3.2857142857
Semantic-Oriented Sentiment Classification for Chinese Product Reviews: An Experimental Study of Book and Cell Phone Reviews	Sentiment classification is an automatic opinion classification method to classify the product reviews on web into positive or negative opinions to help consumers or sellers to understand the opinions and evaluations from existing customers. Semantic-oriented approach is one of the recent developments in sentiment classification. Up to now, most research of sentiment classification is on English reviews,and little work has been done on Chinese reviews using sentiment classification. The detailed techniques used in English review cannot be applied directly to Chinese reviews due to the different characteristics between these two languages. This study modified and improved the semantic-oriented approach to a 6-step process for Chinese review, focusing on the modification and improvement on the text segmentation and reference words pairs (RWPs) identification. Two experiments were conducted on book reviews and cell phone reviews. The results show that the performances of the proposed approach are comparable to those of the existing English reviews classification studies.	2005	2
An Unsupervised Snippet-Based Sentiment Classification Method for Chinese Unknown Phrases without Using Reference Word Pairs	This work presents an unsupervised snippet-based sentiment classification method for Chinese unknown sentiment phrases, which is also applicable to other languages theoretically. Unlike existing Semantic Orientation (SO) methods, our proposed method does not require any Reference Word Pairs (RWPs) for predicting the sentiments of phrases. The results of preliminary experiments show that our proposed method is highly effective and achieves over 80% accuracy and F-measures with relatively fewer queries. An experiment of opinion extraction using a public Chinese UGC corpus also shows promising results.	2010	2.75
Identifying high-impact sub-structures for convolution kernels in document-level sentiment classification	Convolution kernels support the modeling of complex syntactic information in machine-learning tasks. However, such models are highly sensitive to the type and size of syntactic structure used.	2012	3.1666666667
Augmenting Chinese Online Video Recommendations by Using Virtual Ratings Predicted by Review Sentiment Classification	In this paper we aim to resolve the recommendation problem by using the virtual ratings in online environments when user rating information is not available. As a matter of fact, in most of current websites especially the Chinese video-sharing ones, the traditional pure rating based collaborative filtering recommender methods are not fully qualified due to the sparsity of rating data. Motivated by our prior work on the investigation of user reviews that broadly appear in such sites, we hence propose a new recommender algorithm by fusing a self-supervised emoticon-integrated sentiment classification approach, by which the missing User-Item Rating Matrix can be substituted by the virtual ratings which are predicted by decomposing user reviews as given to the items. To test the algorithm's practical value, we have first identified the self-supervised sentiment classification's higher performance by comparing it with a supervised approach. Moreover, we conducted a statistic evaluation method to show the effectiveness of our recommender system on improving Chinese online video recommendations' accuracy.	2010	2.75
Verb Oriented Sentiment Classification	Sentiment analysis refers to a broad range of fields of natural language processing, computational linguistics and text mining. Sentiment classification of reviews and comments has emerged as the most useful application in the area of sentiment analysis. Although sentiment classification generally is carried out at the document level, accurate results require analysis at the sentence level. Bag of words and feature based sentiment are the most popular approaches used by researchers to deal with sentiment classification of opinions about products such as movies, electronics, cars etc. Until recently most classification techniques have considered adjectives, adverbs and nouns as features. This paper proposes a new approach based on verb as an important opinion term particularly in social domains. We extract opinion structures which consider verb as the core element. Sentiment orientation is recognized from sentiments inside of opinion structures and their association with the social issue. Experimental results show that considering verbs improves the performance of sentiment classification.	2012	3
A Novel Approach to Sentiment Classification	We introduce a novel approach to sentiment classification. Our Reasoning Through Search (RTS) technique uses existing labeled data, query formation strategies, and a case base to estimate the sentiment of a text review. Unlike previous systems, when classifying a document from a domain that the system does not have explicit, in-domain training data, our classification system leverages domain relatedness and a case base of labeled reviews to perform the classification. While the system does require labeled training data, it does not rely on the guaranteed presence of in-domain labeled training data. Reasoning Through Search:	2007	2.1818181818
Super Parsing:Sentiment Classification with Review Extraction	This paper describes the sentiment classification with review extraction. Whole process can be illustrated logically as: (1) extract the review expressions on specific subjects and attach sentiment tag and weight to each expression; (2) calculate the sentiment indicator of each tag by accumulating the weights of all the expression with the corresponding tag; (3) given the indicators on different tags, use a classifier to predict the sentiment label of the text. A system approximate text analysis (ATA) is used for review extraction in stage 1. It follows the idea of super parsing, which enables non-adjacent constituents to be merged to deduce a new one. To traverse the valid constituent combinations in super parsing, an algorithm named candidate list algorithm (CLA) is proposed. Then the performance of three kinds of classifiers (a simple linear classifier, SVM and decision tree) in stage 3 is studied. The experiments on on-line documents show that the SVM algorithm achieves the best performance	2005	1.9230769231
A Probabilistic Approach to Tweets' Sentiment Classification	Prior to 2003, mankind generated a total of about 5 Exabyte's of contents. Now, we generate this amount of contents in about two days! The spread of generic (as Twitter, Facebook or Google+) or specialized (as Linked In or Viadeo) social networks allows sharing opinions on different aspects of life every day. Therefore this information is a rich source of data for opinion mining and sentiment analysis. This paper introduces a novel approach to the sentiment analysis based on the Weighted Word Pairs obtained by the use of the Latent Dirichlet Allocation (LDA) approach. The proposed methodology aims at identifying a word-based graphical model for depicting and mining a positive or negative attitude towards a topic. For the evaluation of the proposed approach a challenging scenario has been set: the real-time analysis of tweets. The experimental evaluation shows how the proposed approach is effective and satisfactory.	2013	3.2
Text mining facebook status updates for sentiment classification	In recent years, text mining and sentiment analysis have received great attention due to the abundance of opinion data that exist in social networks such as Facebook, Twitter, etc. Sentiments are projected on these media using texts for expressing feelings such as friendship, social support, anger, happiness, etc. Existing sentiment analysis studies tend to identify user behaviors and state of minds but remain insufficient due to complexities in conveyed texts. In this research paper, we focus on the usage of text mining for sentiment classification. Illustration is performed on Tunisian users' statuses on Facebook posts during the “Arabic Spring” era. Our aim is to extract useful information, about users' sentiments and behaviors during this sensitive and significant period. For that purpose, we propose a method based on Support Vector Machine (SVM) and Nai04ve Bayes. We also construct a sentiment lexicon, based on the emoticons, interjections and acronyms', from extracted statuses updates. Moreover, we perform some comparative experiments between two machine learning algorithms SVM and Nai04ve Bayes through a training model for sentiment classification.	2013	3.2
Sentiment Classification by Sentence Level Semantic Orientation using SentiWordNet from Online Reviews and Blogs	ABSTRACT  Sentiment analysis is the procedure by which information is extracted from the opinions, appraisals and emotions of people in regards to entities, events and their attributes. In decision making, the opinions of others have a significant effect on customers ease in making choices regards to online shopping, choosing events, products, entities. In this paper, the rule based domain independent sentiment analysis method is proposed. The proposed method classifies subjective and objective sentences from reviews and blog comments. The semantic score of subjective sentences is extracted from SentiWordNet to calculate their polarity as positive, negative or neutral based on the contextual sentence structure. The results show the effectiveness of the proposed method and it outperforms the machine learning methods. The proposed method achieves an accuracy of 87% at the feedback level and 83% at the sentence level for comments and 97% at feedback and 86 % at sentences for customer reviews.	2011	2.7142857143
A review of opinion mining and sentiment classification framework in social networks	The Web has dramatically changed the way we express opinions on certain products that we have purchased and used, or for services that we have received in the various industries. Opinions and reviews can be easily posted on the Web, such as in merchant sites, review portals, blogs, Internet forums, and much more. These data are commonly referred to as user-generated content or user-generated media. Both the product manufacturers, as well as potential customers are very interested in this online ‘word-of-mouth’, as it provides product manufacturers information on their customers likes and dislikes, as well as the positive and negative comments on their products whenever available, giving them better knowledge of their products limitations and advantages over competitors; and also providing potential customers with useful and ‘first-hand’ information on the products and/or services to aid in their purchase decision making process. This paper discusses the existing works on opinion mining and sentiment classification of customer feedback and reviews online, and evaluates the different techniques used for the process. It focuses on the areas covered by the evaluated papers, points out the areas that are well covered by many researchers and areas that are neglected in opinion mining and sentiment classification which are open for future research opportunity.	2009	2.3333333333
Identifying High-Impact Sub-Structures for Convolution Kernels in Document-level Sentiment Classification	Abstract Convolution kernels support the modeling of complex syntactic information in machine-learning tasks. However, such models are highly sensitive to the type and size of syntac-tic structure used. It is therefore an importan-t challenge to automatically identify high im-pact sub-structures relevant to a given task. In this paper we present a systematic study inves-tigating (combinations of) sequence and con-volution kernels using different types of sub-structures in document-level sentiment classi-fication. We show that minimal sub-structures extracted from constituency and dependency trees guided by a polarity lexicon show 1.45 point absolute improvement in accuracy over a bag-of-words classifier on a widely used sen-timent corpus.	2012	3
Sentiment classification of short Chinese sentences	ABSTRACT  We explore an extreme case of text classification. The short statements in micro-blogs were collected, and were associated by a category based on the sentiment indicated by the associated icons. We evaluated different methods that assigned the categories with just the wordings in the short statements. Short statements in micro-blogs are harder to classify because of the shortage of context, yet it is not rare for the statements to include words that may be linked to sentiments directly. In this work, we considered two polarities of sentiments: negative and positive. We employed the statistical information about the word usage, a dictionary for Chinese synonyms, and an emotional phrases dictionary to convert short statements into vectors, and applied techniques of support vector machines and probabilistic modeling for the classification task. The results of classification varied with the classification methods and experimental setups. The best one exceeded 80%, but the lowest just made 55%.	2010	2.5
Sentiment classification of customer reviews on electric products	"A lot of terms represent the speaker's evaluation of the item. This evaluative character of the word is called its semantic orientation. The word with positive semantic orientation implies that the item is desirable, and on the other hand, the word with negative semantic orientation implies that the item is not desirable. We propose a method to estimate the semantic orientation(positive or negative) of Japanese products reviews, in which a pair of noun and adjective are selected as the corpus to determine the semantic orientation of the reviews and the semantic orientation scores of the review are calculated according to the corpus. The words which change the semantic orientation of a word called as ""contextual valence shifter"" such as ""not"", ""very"" ""quite"" are considered in the algorithm to determine the semantic orientation. In order to empirically evaluate the performance of the classification method for Japanese documents, 1400 reviews of two electric products, LCD and MP3 music player, are classified to two categories (positive or negative)."	2008	2
Sentiment Classification Considering Negation and Contrast Transition	Abstract Negation and contrast transition are two kinds of linguistic phenomena which are popularly used to reverse the sentiment polarity of some words and sentences. In this paper, we propose an approach to incorporate their classification information into our sentiment classification system: First, we classify sentences into sentiment reversed and non-reversed parts. Then, represent them as two different bags-of-words. Third, present three general strategies to do classification with two-bag-of-words modeling. We collect a large-scale product reviews involving five domains and conduct our experiments on them. The experimental results show that incorporating both negation and contrast transition information is effective and performs robustly better than traditional machine learning approach (based on one-bag-of-words modeling) across five different domains.	2009	2.1111111111
Domain Independent Sentiment Classification with Many Lexicons	Sentiment lexicons are language resources widely used in opinion mining and important tools in unsupervised sentiment classification. We present a comparative study of sentiment classification of reviews on six different domains using sentiment lexicons from different sources. Our results highlight the tendency of a lexicon鈥檚 performance to be imbalanced towards one class, and indicate lexicon accuracy varies with the target domain. We propose an approach that combines information from different lexicons to make classification decisions and achieve more robust results that consistently improve our baseline across all domains tested. These are further refined by a domain independent score adjustment that mitigates the effect of the recall imbalance seen on some of the results	2011	2.5714285714
Joint bilingual sentiment classification with unlabeled parallel corpora	Most previous work on multilingual sentiment analysis has focused on methods to adapt sentiment resources from resource-rich languages to resource-poor languages. We present a novel approach for joint bilingual sentiment classification at the sentence level that augments available labeled data in each language with unlabeled parallel data. We rely on the intuition that the sentiment labels for parallel sentences should be similar and present a model that jointly learns improved monolingual sentiment classifiers for each language. Experiments on multiple data sets show that the proposed approach (1) outperforms the monolingual baselines, significantly improving the accuracy for both languages by 3.44%-8.12%; (2) outperforms two standard approaches for leveraging unlabeled data; and (3) produces (albeit smaller) performance gains when employing pseudo-parallel data from machine translation engines.	2011	2.4285714286
Text sentiment classification for SNS-based marketing using domain sentiment dictionary	In this paper, we propose a new method of classifying the sentiment behind tweets that contains formal and informal vocabulary. Previous methods used only formal vocabulary to classify the sentiments behind the sentences. However, these methods are ineffective in classifying texts since internet users make sentences using informal vocabulary. In addition, we use emotion based vocabulary to classify the sentiment behind texts. Feature vectors extracted from the vocabulary are classified by Support Vector Machine (SVM). Our proposed method shows a strong performance in the classifying the emotion behind the text.	2012	2.6666666667
Ontology based combined approach for sentiment classification	ABSTRACT  Text documents contain opinions or sentiments about the objects, such as movie reviews, book reviews, and product reviews etc. Sentiment analysis is the mining the sentiment or opinion words and identification and analysis of the opinion and arguments in the text. In this paper, we proposed an ontology based combination approach to enhance the exits approaches of sentiment classifications and use supervised learning techniques for classifications.	2009	2.1111111111
Incorporating lexicon knowledge into SVM learning to improve sentiment classification	A sentiment classifier for sentiment classification of content. An aspect classifier is configured to classify content as being related to a particular aspect of information, the aspect classifier incorporating at least a portion of the domain specific sentiment lexicon. A polarity classifier is then configured to classify the content classified by the aspect classifier as having one of a positive sentiment of the particular aspect of information, a negative sentiment of the particular aspect of information or as having no sentiment as to the particular aspect of information. The polarity classifier also incorporating at least a portion of the domain specific sentiment lexicon.	2011	2.4285714286
Do neighbours help?: an exploration of graph-based algorithms for cross-domain sentiment classification	ABSTRACT  This paper presents a comparative study of graph-based approaches for cross-domain sentiment classification. In particular, the paper analyses two existing methods: an optimisation problem and a ranking algorithm. We compare these graph-based methods with each other and with the other state-of-the-art approaches and conclude that graph domain representations offer a competitive solution to the domain adaptation problem. Analysis of the best parameters for graph-based algorithms reveals that there are no optimal values valid for all domain pairs and that these values are dependent on the characteristics of corresponding domains.	2012	2.8333333333
Sentiment classification for Indonesian message in social media	Nowadays, classifying sentiment from social media has been a strategic thing since people can express their feeling about something in an easy way and short text. Mining opinion from social media has become important because people are usually honest with their feeling on something. In our research, we tried to identify the problems of classifying sentiment from Indonesian social media. We identified that people tend to express their opinion in text while the emoticon is rarely used and sometimes misleading. We also identified that the Indonesian social media opinion can be classified not only to positive, negative, neutral and question but also to a special mix case between negative and question type. Basically there are two levels of problem: word level and sentence level. Word level problems include the usage of punctuation mark, the number usage to replace letter, misspelled word and the usage of nonstandard abbreviation. In sentence level, the problem is related with the sentiment type such as mentioned before. In our research, we built a sentiment classification system which includes several steps such as text preprocessing, feature extraction, and classification. The text preprocessing aims to transform the informal text into formal text. The word formalization method in that we use is the deletion of punctuation mark, the tokenization, conversion of number to letter, the reduction of repetition letter, and using corpus with Levensthein to formalize abbreviation. The sentence formalization method that we use is negation handling, sentiment relative, and affixes handling. Rule-based, SVM and Maximum Entropy are used as the classification algorithms with features of count of positive, negative, and question word in sentence and bigram. From our experimental result, the best classification method is SVM that yields 83.5% accuracy.	2012	2.5
Cross-domain sentiment classification using a two-stage method	Abstract In this paper, we give out a two-stage approach for domain adaptation problem in sentiment classification. In the first stage, based on our observation that customers often use different words to comment on the similar topics in the different domains, we regard these common topics as the bridge to link the different domain-specific features. We propose a novel topic model named Transfer-PLSA to extract the topic knowledge between different domains. Through these common topics, the features in the source domain are corresponded to the target features, so that those domain-specific knowledge can be transferred across different domains. In the second step, we use the classifier trained on the labeled examples in the source domain to pick up some informative examples in the target domain. Then we retrain the classifier on these selected examples, so that the classifier is adapted for the target domain. Experimental results on sentiment classification in four different domains indicate that our method outperforms other traditional methods.	2009	1.8888888889
Enhancing Sentiment Classification Performance Using Bi-Tagged Phrases	Sentiment analysis research mainly aims to determine the orientation of an opinionated stretch of text into positive or negative polarity. The key motivation of sentiment analysis is getting to know what consumers think about products and services by analyzing their opinions on online portals, blogs, discussion boards, reviews etc. The main objective of this paper is to incorporate the information of POS-based sentiment-rich phrases in a machine-learning algorithm that determines the semantic orientation of a given text. In this paper, bi-tagged phrases are used as features in combination with unigram features for sentiment classification. Joint feature vectors of unigrams and bi-tagged phrases have high dimensions consisting of noisy and irrelevant features. Therefore, a feature selection method is used to select only relevant features from the feature vector. Experimental results show that the combination of prominent unigrams and bi-tagged phrases outperforms other features for sentiment classification in a movie review dataset.	2013	2.6
SENTIMENT CLASSIFICATION OF MOVIE REVIEWS BY SUPERVISED MACHINE LEARNING APPROACHES	Large volumes of data are available in the web. The discussion forum, review sites, blogs and news corpora are some of the opinion rich resources. The opinions obtained from those can be classified and used for gathering online customer  preferences. Techniques are being applied to design a system that identifies and classify opinions spread largely in the internet. Few different problems such as sentiment classification, feature based classification and handling negotiations are predominating this research community. This paper studies online movie reviews using sentiment analysising approaches. In this study, sentiment classification techniques wereapplied to movie reviews. Specifically, we compared three supervised machine learning approaches SVM, Navie Bayes and kNN for Sentiment Classification of Reviews. Empirical results states that SVM approachoutperformed the Navie Bayes and kNN approaches, and the training dataset had a large number of reviews, SVM approach reached accuracies of atleast 80%.	2013	2.6
Research on sentence sentiment classification based on Chinese sentiment word table	This paper presents the weighted linear combination method for the sentence sentiment classification based on Chinese sentiment word table.In proposed method,firstly,Chinese sentiment word table is constructed by using five existing dictionaries, secondly,automatically identifying method is explored for the sentence sentiment classification using the weighted linear combination method.The experiment results indicate that the F value of sentence sentiment classification with word language granularity reaches 78.2%,and adding the negative phrase to language granularity,the F value of sentence sentiment classification has increased by 4.14%.	2009	2
Empirical study of sentiment classification for Chinese microblog based on machine learning	With the development of microblog,it is more convenient to comment on the Web.Up to now,there are very few studies on the sentiment classification for Chinese microblog,therefore this paper uses three machine learning algorithms,three kinds of feature selection methods and three feature weight methods to study the sentiment classification for Chinese microblog.The experimental results indicate that the performance of SVM is best in three machine learning algorithms,IG is the better feature selection method compared to the other methods,and TF-IDF is best fit for the sentiment classification in Chinese microblog.Combining the three factors the conclusion can be drawn that the performance of combination of SVM,IG and TF-IDF is best.For the movie domain it is found that the sentiment classification depends on the review style.	2012	2.3333333333
A New Term Weighting Method by Introducing Class Information for Sentiment Classification of Textual Data	ABSTRACT  With the popularity of text based communication tools such as blogs, Plurk, Twitter, and so on, customers can easily express their opinions, reviews or comments about purchased products/services. These personal opinions, especially negative comments, might have a significant influence on other consumers' purchasing decisions. Therefore, how to detect users' sentiment from textual data to assist companies to carefully respond to customers' comments has become a crucial task. Recently, machine learning methods have been considered as one of solutions in sentiment classification. When applying machine learning approaches to classify sentiment, Term Frequency (TF), Term Presence (TP) and Term Frequency-Inverse Document Frequency (TF-IDF) usually have been employed to describe collected textual data. However, these traditional term weighting methods cannot have positive influence on improving classification performance. Therefore, this work proposes a new term weighting method called Categorical Difference Weights (CDW) by introducing class information. Besides, CDW will be integrated into Support Vector Machines (SVM). Finally, an actual case will be provided to illustrate the effectiveness of our proposed method. Compared with traditional term weighting methods, TF and TF-IDF, experimental results indicated that the proposed CDW method indeed can improve the classification performance.	2011	2.1428571429
Sentiment Classification Approaches – A Review	ABSTRACT  With the outbreak of web 2.0, several types of social media such as blogs, discussion forums, review websites and community websites that can be useful for determine the public; sentiment and opinion, towards products and services. Recent surveys impart that online reviews have greater economic impact compared to claric media. The major task of opinion mining or sentiment analysis is used to find the subjective information from the user defined opinions. The expressed opinions may be positive, negative or neutral. Machine learning techniques are widely used for sentiment classification. In this paper, we look insight into the various machine learning techniques for sentiment classification and research challenges exist in this field.	2013	2.2
Robust sense-based sentiment classification	ABSTRACT  The new trend in sentiment classification is to use semantic features for representation of documents. We propose a semantic space based on WordNet senses for a supervised document-level sentiment classifier. Not only does this show a better performance for sen-timent classification, it also opens opportuni-ties for building a robust sentiment classifier. We examine the possibility of using similar-ity metrics defined on WordNet to address the problem of not finding a sense in the training corpus. Using three popular similarity met-rics, we replace unknown synsets in the test set with a similar synset from the training set. An improvement of 6.2% is seen with respect to baseline using this approach.	2011	2.1428571429
Sentiment classification of review documents using phrase patterns	Sentiment Analysis determines the polarity of text whether it belongs to positive or negative polarity. One motivation for sentiment analysis research is the need for user and e-commerce companies to know the public opinion from blogs, online forums, reviews about certain products, services, topics etc. Phrases are important in extracting contextual information which is important for sentiment classification. Phrases can convey sentiment information more efficiently than individual words. In this paper, sentiment-rich phrases are extracted using Part-of-speech (POS) based rules and dependency relation in the document that are capable of extracting contextual and syntactic information from the document. Next, semantic orientations of these phrases are calculated using Point-wise Mutual Information (PMI) based method. Finally, review document is classified after aggregating the semantic orientation of all the phrases into positive or negative polar document.	2013	2.4
Data Mining for Tweet Sentiment Classification	The goal of this master thesis is to classify short Twitter messages with respect to their sentiment using data mining techniques. Twitter messages, or tweets, are limited to 140 characters. This limitation makes it more difficult for people to express their sentiment and as a consequence, the classification of the sentiment will be more difficult as well. The sentiment can refer to two different types: emotions and opinions. This research is solely focused on the sentiment of opinions. These opinions can be divided into three classes: positive, neutral and negative. The tweets are then classified with an algorithm to one of those three classes.Known supervised learning algorithms as support vector machines and naive Bayes are used to create a prediction model. Before the prediction model can be created, the data has to be pre-processed from text to a fixed-length feature vector. The features consist of sentiment-words and frequently occurring words that are predictive for the sentiment. The learned model is then applied to a test set to validate the model. The data that is considered in this research is based on two datasets, one from Sananalytics and a self-built Twitter dataset.When the models are applied and tested in-sample the results were quite acceptable. However out-of-sample, with cross-validation the results were disappointing. The sparsity in the dataset seems to cause the issue that the features in the training set does not cover the data in the test set well.	2012	2.1666666667
Cross-domain sentiment classification using a two-stage method	Abstract In this paper, we give out a two-stage approach for domain adaptation problem in sentiment classification. In the first stage, based on our observation that customers often use different words to comment on the similar topics in the different domains, we regard these common topics as the bridge to link the different domain-specific features. We propose a novel topic model named Transfer-PLSA to extract the topic knowledge between different domains. Through these common topics, the features in the source domain are corresponded to the target features, so that those domain-specific knowledge can be transferred across different domains. In the second step, we use the classifier trained on the labeled examples in the source domain to pick up some informative examples in the target domain. Then we retrain the classifier on these selected examples, so that the classifier is adapted for the target domain. Experimental results on sentiment classification in four different domains indicate that our method outperforms other traditional methods.	2009	1.7777777778
A cross-domain adaptation method for sentiment classification using probabilistic latent analysis	Sentiment classification is becoming attractive in recent years because of its potential commercial applications. It exploits supervised learning methods to learn the classifiers from the annotated training documents. The challenge in sentiment classification lies in that the sentiment domains are diverse, heterogeneous and fast-growing. The classifiers trained on one domain (source domain) could not classify a document from another domain (target domain). The domain adaptation technique is to address the problem by making use of labeled samples in the source domain, and unlabeled samples in the target domain. This paper presents a new solution, a cross-domain topic indexing (CDTI) method, with which a common semantic space is found from the prior between-domain term correspondences and the term co-occurrences in the cross-domain documents. These observations are characterized with the mixture model in CDTI, with each component being a possible topic shared by the source and target domains. Such common topics are found to index the cross-domain content. We evaluate the algorithms on a multi-domain sentiment classification task, which shows that CDTI outperforms the state-of-the-art domain adaptation method, i.e. spectral feature alignment (SFA), and the traditional latent semantic indexing method.	2011	2
A weakly supervised approach to Chinese sentiment classification using partitioned self-training	Abstract With the rapid evolution of documents on the World Wide Web which express opinions, there exists an increasing demand for developing such a sentiment analysis technique that can easily adapt to new domains with minimum supervision. This article introduces a novel weakly supervised approach for Chinese sentiment classification. The approach applies a variant of self-training algorithm on two partitions split from test dataset, and combines classification results of the two partitions into a pseudo-labelled training set and an unlabelled test set, then trains an initial classifier on the pseudo-labelled training set and adopts a standard self-learning cycle to obtain the overall classification results. Experiments on the four datasets from two domains show that our approach has competitive advantages over baseline approaches; it even outperforms the supervised approach in some of the datasets despite using no labelled documents.	2013	2.4
Transfer Learning Using Twitter Data for Improving Sentiment Classification of Turkish Political News	In this paper, we aim to determine the overall sentiment classification of Turkish political columns. That is, our goal is to determine whether the whole document has positive or negative opinion regardless of its subject. In order to enhance the performance of the classification, transfer learning is applied from unlabeled Twitter data to labeled political columns. A variation of self-taught learning has been proposed, and implemented for the classification. Different machine learning techniques, including support vector machine, maximum entropy classification, and Naive-Bayes has been used for the supervised learning phase. In our experiments we have obtained up to 26聽% increase in the accuracy of the classification with the inclusion of the Twitter data into the sentiment classification of Turkish political columns using transfer learning.	2013	2.4
Adaptation and Use of Subjectivity Lexicons for Domain Dependent Sentiment Classification	Sentiment analysis refers to the automatic extraction of sentiments from a natural language text. We study the effect of subjectivity-based features on sentiment classification on two lexicons and also propose new subjectivity-based features for sentiment classification. The subjectivity-based features we experiment with are based on the average word polarity and the new features that we propose are based on the occurrence of subjective words in review texts. Experimental results on hotel and movie reviews show an overall accuracy of about 84% and 71% in hotel and movie review domains respectively, improving the baseline using just the average word polarities by about 2% points.	2012	2.1666666667
Instance selection and instance weighting for cross-domain sentiment classification via PU learning	Due to the explosive growth of the Internet online reviews, we can easily collect a large amount of labeled reviews from different domains. But only some of them are beneficial for training a desired target-domain sentiment classifier. Therefore, it is important for us to identify those samples that are the most relevant to the target domain and use them as training data. To address this problem, a novel approach, based on instance selection and instance weighting via PU learning, is proposed. PU learning is used at first to learn an in-target-domain selector, which assigns an in-target-domain probability to each sample in the training set. For instance selection, the samples with higher in-target-domain probability are used as training data; For instance weighting, the calibrated in-target-domain probabilities are used as sampling weights for training an instance-weighted naive Bayes model, based on the principle of maximum weighted likelihood estimation. The experimental results prove the necessity and effectiveness of the approach, especially when the size of training data is large. It is also proved that the larger the Kullback-Leibler divergence between the training and test data is, the more effective the proposed approach will be.	2013	2.4
Sentiment Classification with Polarity Shifting Detection	Sentiment classification is now a hot research issue in the community of natural language processing and the bag-of-words based machine learning approach is the state-of-the-art for this task.	2013	2.2
Sentiment Classification Using Information Extraction Technique	This paper explores the sentiment classification with Information Extraction (IE) approach. The IE approach here is required to detect the sentiment expressions on specific subject (person, product, company and so on) and then to evaluate the sentiment strength and/or the validation of them. Our method can be illustrated logically as: (1) From a given text, extract the sentiment expressions on the specific subjects and attach certain sentiment tag and weight to each of them; (2) Calculate the sentiment indicator for each sentiment genre by accumulating the weights of all the expression with the corresponding tag; (3) Given the indicators on different sentiment genres, use a classifier to predict the sentiment label of the given text. To extract expression robustly when encounter some complex linguistic phenomena (such as ellipsis, anaphora), a new parsing idea named super parsing  is proposed. It enables some non-adjacent linguistic constituents to be merged to deduce a new one. As an incremental implementation of super parsing, a system named Approximate Text Analysis  (ATA) is described in this paper. As for the classification task, two different classifiers are used: simple linear classifier (called SLC here) and SVM. The experiments show the reasonable performance of our approach.	2005	1.2307692308
Sentiment Classification Method of Chinese Micro-blog Based on Emotional Knowledge	This paper proposes an unsupervised method of sentiment classification and applies it to perform sentiment classification on Sina micro-blog.The approach employs emotional images and emotional words as the emotional knowledge to extract pseudo-labeled samples,and uses them to train a classifier for automatically classification on polarities of the miro-blog.Experimental results show that the method achieves a decent performance on sentiment classification for Chinese micro-blog.	2012	2
Improving Sentiment Classification Using Feature Highlighting and Feature Bagging	Sentiment classification is an important data mining task. Previous researches tried various machine learning techniques while didn't make fully use of the difference among features. This paper proposes a novel method for improving sentiment classification by fully exploring the different contribution of features. The method consists of two parts. First, we highlight sentimental features by increasing their weight. Second, we use bagging to construct multiple classifiers on different feature spaces and combine them into an aggregating classifier. Extensive experiments show that the method can evidently improve the performance of sentiment classification.	2011	1.8571428571
Language-independent sentiment classification using three common words	Many methods for cross-lingual processing tasks are resource-dependent, which will not work without machine translation system or bilingual lexicon. In this paper, we propose a novel approach for multilingual sentiment classification just by few seed words. For a given language, the proposed approach learns a sentiment classifier from the initial seed words instead of any labeled data. We employ our method both in supervised learning and unsupervised learning. Experimental results demonstrate that our method relies less on external resource but performs as well as or better than the baseline.	2011	1.8571428571
Dynamic construction of dictionaries for sentiment classification	The sentiment classification is one of the new challenges emerged with the advence of social networks. Our purpose is to determine the sentimental orientation of a Facebook comment (positive or negative) by using the linguistic approach. In most of the sentiment analysis applications using this approach, the sentiment lexicon plays a key role. Thus, it is very important to create a lexicon covering several sentiment words. For this reason, we address in this paper the problem how to group and list words present in the corpus into two dictionaries. We proposed a new automatic technique to create the positive and negative dictionaries that exploits the emotions symbols (emoticons, acronyms and exclamation words) present in comments. More importantly, our idea allows to enlarge these dictionaries with an enrichment step. Finally, by using these prepared dictionaries, we predict the positive and negative polarities of the comment. We evaluate our approach by comparison to human classification. Our results are also effective and consistent.	2013	2.2
Feature Subsumption for Sentiment Classification of Dynamic Data in Social Networks using SCDDF	The analysis of opinions till now is done mostly on static data rather than on the dynamic data. Opinions may vary in time. Earlier methods concentrated on opinions expressed in an individual site. But on a given concept opinions may vary from site to site. Also the past works did not consider the opinions at aggregate level. This paper proposes a novel method for Sentiment Classification that uses Dynamic Data Features (SCDDF). Experiments were conducted on various product reviews collected from different sites using QTP. Opinions were aggregated using Bayesian networks and Natural Language Processing techniques. Bulk amount of dynamic data is considered rather than the static one. Our method takes as input a collection of comments from the social networks and outputs ranks to the comments within each site and finally classifies all comments irrespective of the site it belongs to. Thus the user is presented with overall evaluation of the product and its features.	2012	2
Sentiment Classification for the Italian Language: a Case Study on Movie Reviews 365 Sentiment Classification for the Italian Language: a	We consider the problem of tracking the opinion polarity, in terms of positive or negative orientation, expressed in documents written in natural language and extracted from a heterogeneous set of Web sources. More specifically, we focus our attention on the movie reviews domain. We are interested in evaluating the performance obtained by a set of high performance opinion polarity classifiers for the Italian language. Classification of polarity expressed by the input documents is achieved by means of several sets of specialized autonomous or interacting agents, devoted, respectively, to document gathering, classification and visualization. In particular the results of opinion analysis are represented by means of a graphical interface, where a multi agent based implementation of zz-structures is exploited to offer graph-centric views and navigation of results. The specific experimental evaluation performed so far shows an accuracy level, which is higher than previous results reported in the literature.	2008	1.5
Bottom up: Exploring word emotions for Chinese sentence chief sentiment classification	In this paper we demonstrate the effectiveness of employing basic sentiment components for analyzing the chief sentiment of Chinese sentence among nine categories of sentiments (including “No emotion”). Compared to traditional lexicon based methods, our research explores emotion intensities of words and phrases in an eight dimensional sentiment space as features. An emotion matrix kernel is designed to evaluate inner product of these sentiment features for SVM classification with O(n) time complexity. Experimental result shows our method significantly improves performance of sentiment classification.	2010	1.75
Turning Online Product Reviews to Customer Knowledge: A Semantic-based Sentiment Classification Approach	Many product review websites have been established (e.g., epinion.com, Rateitall.com) for collecting user reviews for a variety of products. In addition, it has also become a common practice for merchants or product manufacturers to setup online forums that allow their customers to provide reviews or express opinions on products they are interested or have purchased. To facilitate merchants, product manufacturers, and customers in exploiting online product reviews for their marketing, product design, or purchasing decision making, classification of the products reviews into positive and negative categories is essential. In this study, we propose a Semantic-based Sentiment Classification (SSC) technique that constructs from a training set of precategorized product reviews a sentiment classification model on the basis of a collection of positive and negative cue features. Furthermore, the proposed SSC technique includes a semantic expansion mechanism that uses WordNet for expanding the given set of positive and negative cue features. On the basis of three product review corpora, our empirical evaluation results suggest that the proposed SSC technique achieves higher classification effectiveness than the traditional syntactic-level sentiment classification technique does. Moreover, the SSC technique with the use of few seed features (e.g., 10 or 20) can result in comparable classification effectiveness to that attained by the use of a comprehensive list of positive and negative cue features (a total of 4206 words) defined in the General Inquirer.	2006	1.3333333333
A sentiment classification method for Chinese document	For the great demand of analyzing and mining user's opinion, this paper presents a novel sentiment classification method for Chinese document. Firstly, the subjective documents are pre-processed and the sentiment features are extracted; then it calculates the basic polarity of the sentiment features based on a sentiment word dictionary, meanwhile dynamic sentiment word's polarity is judged and polarity adjustment is carried out according to the context information; finally, the overall polarity of document is determined by all sentiment words in it. Experiment of comparing with BaseLine and SVM shows the effectiveness of the proposed method.	2010	1.625
Sentiment Classification with Supervised Sequence Embedding	Summary: In this paper, we introduce a novel approach for modeling $n$-grams in a latent space learned from supervised signals. The proposed procedure uses only unigram features to model short phrases (n-grams) in the latent space. The phrases are then combined to form document-level latent representation for a given text, where position of an $n$-gram in the document is used to compute corresponding combining weight. The resulting two-stage supervised embedding is then coupled with a classifier to form an end-to-end system that we apply to the large-scale sentiment classification task. The proposed model does not require feature selection to retain effective features during pre-processing, and its parameter space grows linearly with size of $n$-gram. We present comparative evaluations of this method using two large-scale datasets for sentiment classification in online reviews (Amazon and TripAdvisor). The proposed method outperforms standard baselines that rely on bag-of-words representation populated with $n$-gram features.	2012	1.8333333333
Sentiment Classification Using Information Extraction Technique	Summary: This paper explores the sentiment classification with Information Extraction (IE) approach. The IE approach here is required to detect the sentiment expressions on specific subject (person, product, company and so on) and then to evaluate the sentiment strength and/or the validation of them. Our method can be illustrated logically as: (1) From a given text, extract the sentiment expressions on the specific subjects and attach certain sentiment tag and weight to each of them; (2) Calculate the sentiment indicator for each sentiment genre by accumulating the weights of all the expression with the corresponding tag; (3) Given the indicators on different sentiment genres, use a classifier to predict the sentiment label of the given text. To extract expression robustly when encounter some complex linguistic phenomena (such as ellipsis, anaphora), a new parsing idea named super parsing is proposed. It enables some non-adjacent linguistic constituents to be merged to deduce a new one. As an incremental implementation of super parsing, a system named Approximate Text Analysis (ATA) is described in this paper. As for the classification task, two different classifiers are used: simple linear classifier (called SLC here) and SVM. The experiments show the reasonable performance of our approach.	2005	1.2307692308
Learning sentiment classification model from labeled features	We propose a novel framework where an initial classifier is learned by incorporating prior information extracted from an existing sentiment lexicon. Preferences on expectations of sentiment labels of those lexicon words are expressed using generalized expectation criteria. Documents classified with high confidence are then used as pseudo-labeled examples for automatical domain-specific feature acquisition. The word-class distributions of such self-learned features are estimated from the pseudo-labeled examples and are used to train another classifier by constraining the model's predictions on unlabeled instances. Experiments on both the movie review data and the multi-domain sentiment dataset show that our approach attains comparable or better performance than exiting weakly-supervised sentiment classification methods despite using no labeled documents.	2010	1.625
Sentiment classification via integrating multiple feature presentations	In the bag of words framework, documents are often converted into vectors according to predefined features together with weighting mechanisms. Since each feature presentation has its character, it is difficult to determine which one should be chosen for a specific domain, especially for the users who are not familiar with the domain. This paper explores the integration of various feature presentations to improve the classification accuracy. A general two phases framework is proposed. In the first phase, we train multiple base classifiers with various vector spaces and use these classifiers to predict the class of testing samples respectively. In the second phase, the previous predicted results are integrated into the ultimate class via stacking with SVM. The experimental results demonstrate the effectiveness of our method.	2012	1.8333333333
Sentiment classification for Chinese reviews based on key substring features	One of the most widely-studied sub-problems of opinion mining is sentiment classification, which classifies evaluative texts as positive or negative to help people automatically identify the viewpoints underlying the online user-generated information. Most of the existing methods for sentiment classification ignore word sequence and unlabeled test documents' structural information. This paper proposes a transductive learning based algorithm considering both of these two types of information. The proposed algorithm is implemented by firstly selecting key substrings in the suffix tree constructed from the strings in training and unlabeled test documents and then converting each original text document to a bag of numbers of the key substrings. Finally, SVM is employed to classify the converted documents. Experiments on the open dataset (16,000 Chinese reviews) demonstrate promising performance of the proposed algorithm, the accuracy being over 93.15%, which is much better than the performance of the existing sentiment classification methods, such as n-gram features based classification algorithms. Experimental results also show that 鈥渢fidf-c鈥 performs much better than other term weighting approaches in sentiment classification for large text corpus. In particular, the reasons behind the proposed algorithm's outstanding performance are further studied and analyzed in this paper. Moreover, the proposed algorithm can avoid the messy and rather artificial problem of defining word boundaries in Chinese language.	2009	1.5555555556
Text feature selection for sentiment classification of Chinese online reviews	In order to meet the requirement of customised services for online communities, sentiment classification of online reviews has been applied to study the unstructured reviews so as to identify users芒聙聶 opinions on certain products. The purpose of this article is to select features for sentiment classification of Chinese online reviews with techniques well performed in traditional text classification. First, adjectives, adverbs and verbs are identified as the potential text features containing sentiment information. Then, four statistical feature selection methods, such as document frequency (DF), information gain (IG), chi-squared statistic (CHI) and mutual information (MI), are adopted to select features. After that, the Boolean weighting method is applied to set feature weights and construct a vector space model. Finally, a support vector machine (SVM) classifier is employed to predict the sentiment polarity of online reviews. Comparative experiments are conducted based on hotel online reviews in Chinese. The results indicate that the highest accuracy of the sentiment classification of Chinese online reviews is achieved by taking adjectives, adverbs and verbs together as the feature. Besides that, different feature selection methods make distinct performances on sentiment classification, as DF performs the best, CHI follows and IG ranks the last, whereas MI is not suitable for sentiment classification of Chinese online reviews. This conclusion will be helpful to improve the accuracy of sentiment classification and be useful for further research.	2013	2
Dynamic construction of dictionaries for sentiment classification	The sentiment classification is one of the new challenges emerged with the advence of social networks. Our purpose is to determine the sentimental orientation of a Facebook comment (positive or negative) by using the linguistic approach. In most of the sentiment analysis applications using this approach, the sentiment lexicon plays a key role. Thus, it is very important to create a lexicon covering several sentiment words. For this reason, we address in this paper the problem how to group and list words present in the corpus into two dictionaries. We proposed a new automatic technique to create the positive and negative dictionaries that exploits the emotions symbols (emoticons, acronyms and exclamation words) present in comments. More importantly, our idea allows to enlarge these dictionaries with an enrichment step. Finally, by using these prepared dictionaries, we predict the positive and negative polarities of the comment. We evaluate our approach by comparison to human classification. Our results are also effective and consistent.	2013	2
Sentiment Classification for Microblog by Machine Learning	With the development of microblog, many studies pay special attention to sentiment classification of the reviews in microblog. This paper summarizes three well-known methods for text classification and then improves one of them for sentiment analysis. We come up with a new model in which we introduce efficient approaches to select features, calculate weights, train samples and evaluate classifier. The new model is based on Bayesian algorithm and machine learning that is one of the most popular methods for sentiment classification. Our model can enhance the overall efficiency of the sentiment classifier.	2012	1.8333333333
Sentiment Classification with Supervised Sequence Embedding	In this paper, we introduce a novel approach for modeling n -grams in a latent space learned from supervised signals. The proposed procedure uses only unigram features to model short phrases ( n -grams) in the latent space. The phrases are then combined to form document-level latent representation for a given text, where position of an n -gram in the document is used to compute corresponding combining weight. The resulting two-stage supervised embedding is then coupled with a classifier to form an end-to-end system that we apply to the large-scale sentiment classification task. The proposed model does not require feature selection to retain effective features during pre-processing, and its parameter space grows linearly with size of n -gram. We present comparative evaluations of this method using two large-scale datasets for sentiment classification in online reviews (Amazon and TripAdvisor). The proposed method outperforms standard baselines that rely on bag-of-words representation populated with n -gram features.	2012	1.8333333333
Weighted SCL model for adaptation of sentiment classification	In recent years, Structural Correspondence Learning (SCL) is regarded as one of the most promising techniques for transfer learning. The main idea behind SCL model is to identify correspondences among features from different domains by modeling their correlations with pivot features. However, SCL model treats each feature as well as each instance by an equivalent-weight strategy. From the perspective of feature, this strategy fails to overcome the adverse influence of high-frequency domain-specific (HFDS) features: they occupy a relative large portion of weight  in classification model, while hardly carry corresponding sentiment information. From the other perspective, the equivalent-weight strategy of SCL model does not take into account the labels (“positive” or “negative”) of labeled instance and the labels of pivot features: positive pivot features tend to occur more frequently in positive instances and vice versa. To address the two issues effectively, we proposed a weighted SCL model (W-SCL), which weights the features as well as the instances. More specifically, W-SCL assigns a smaller weight to HFDS features and assigns a larger weight to instances with the same label as the involved pivot feature. The experimental results indicate that proposed W-SCL model could overcome the adverse influence of HFDS features, and leverage knowledge from labels of instances and pivot features.	2011	1.5714285714
A Method of Chinese Texts Sentiment Classification Based on Bayesian Algorithm	In this paper, the author did the sentiment classification experiment with Chinese hotel reviews from internet based on semantic lexicon and Naive Bayesian. Many experiments have shown the method in order to improve the accuracy of sentiment classification, and time shortened of text processing, the method can also be used in fast sentiment classification for mass data of Chinese texts.	2013	1.8
A cross-domain adaptation method for sentiment classification using probabilistic latent analysis	Sentiment classification is becoming attractive in recent years because of its potential commercial applications. It exploits supervised learning methods to learn the classifiers from the annotated training documents. The challenge in sentiment classification lies in that the sentiment domains are diverse, heterogeneous and fast-growing. The classifiers trained on one domain (source domain) could not classify a document from another domain (target domain). The domain adaptation technique is to address the problem by making use of labeled samples in the source domain, and unlabeled samples in the target domain. This paper presents a new solution, a cross-domain topic indexing (CDTI) method, with which a common semantic space is found from the prior between-domain term correspondences and the term co-occurrences in the cross-domain documents. These observations are characterized with the mixture model in CDTI, with each component being a possible topic shared by the source and target domains. Such common topics are found to index the cross-domain content. We evaluate the algorithms on a multi-domain sentiment classification task, which shows that CDTI outperforms the state-of-the-art domain adaptation method, i.e. spectral feature alignment (SFA), and the traditional latent semantic indexing method.	2011	1.7142857143
Latent Sentiment Model for Weakly-Supervised Cross-Lingual Sentiment Classification	In this paper, we present a novel weakly-supervised method for cross-lingual sentiment analysis. In specific, we propose a latent sentiment model (LSM) based on latent Dirichlet allocation where sentiment labels are considered as topics. Prior information extracted from English sentiment lexicons through machine translation are incorporated into LSM model learning, where preferences on expectations of sentiment labels of those lexicon words are expressed using generalized expectation criteria. An efficient parameter estimation procedure using variational Bayes is presented. Experimental results on the Chinese product reviews show that the weakly-supervised LSM model performs comparably to supervised classifiers such as Support vector Machines with an average of 81% accuracy achieved over a total of 5484 review documents. Moreover, starting with a generic sentiment lexicon, the LSM model is able to extract highly domain-specific polarity words from text.	2011	1.7142857143
Unsupervised sentiment classification of English movie reviews using automatic selection of positive and negative sentiment items	Abstract We consider the problem of classifying documents not by topic, but by overall sen-timent. Previous approaches to sentiment classification have favored domain-specific, supervised machine learning (Naive Bayes, maximum entropy classification, and support vector machines). Inherent in these method-ologies is the need for annotated training data. Building on previous work, we ex-amine an unsupervised system of iteratively extracting positive and negative sentiment items which can be used to classify docu-ments. Our method is completely unsuper-vised and only requires linguistic insight into the semantic orientation of sentiment.	2010	1.5
Evaluating the Utility of Appraisal Hierarchies as a Method for Sentiment Classification	"ABSTRACT  Recent studies of sentiment classification (determining whether a text is ""positive"" or ""negative"") using Appraisal theory have provided mixed results. While some good results have been obtained, it is difficult to tell what aspects of Appraisal are particularly useful for this task. In this paper, we present a series of experiments to isolate features of Appraisal, in order to compare which parts aid the task of sentiment classification on movie reviews. We report results which on the surface challenge the utility of Appraisal Hierarchies for this task, when modelled using systemic features. However in the context of making a trade-off between coverage and scale of feature space, our results appear promising. We hence discuss the need for a balance between the size of a classifier's structure and the overall accuracy."	2005	1.0769230769
Sentiment classification for stock news	Web news articles play an important role in stock market. Sentiment classification of news articles can help the investors make investment decisions more efficiently. In this paper, we implemented an approach of Chinese new words detection by using N-gram model and applied the result for Chinese word segmentation and sentiment classification. Appraisal theory was introduced into sentiment analysis and Naive Bay es, K-nearest Neighbor and Support Vector Machine were used as classification algorithms. Our method was used for a Chinese stock news data set. The best accuracy reaches 82.9% in all experiments. Additionally, we developed a prototype system to demonstrate our work.	2011	1.5714285714
Sentiment classification of online product reviews using product features	There is a great number of online product reviews on the Internet which needs to be organized. In this paper, we consider the problem of sentiment classification of online reviews to determine the overall semantic orientation of customer reviews. Our proposed method for review classification is a supervised machine learning method based on extracting product features and the polarity of opinions expressed about the features.	2011	1.5714285714
A cross-study of Sentiment Classification on Arabic corpora	Sentiment Analysis is a research area where the studies focus on processing and analyzing the opinions available on the web. Several interesting and advanced works were performed on English. In contrast, very few works were conducted on Arabic. This paper presents the study we have carried out to investigate supervised sentiment classification in an Arabic context. We use two Arabic Corpora which are different in many aspects. We use three common classifiers known by their effectiveness, namely Na茂ve Bayes, Support Vector Machines and k-Nearest Neighbor. We investigate some settings to identify those that allow achieving the best results. These settings are about stemming type, term frequency thresholding, term weighting and n-gram words. We show that Na茂ve Bayes and Support Vector Machines are competitively effective; however k- Nearest Neighbor鈥檚 effectiveness depends on the corpus. Through this study, we recommend to use light-stemming rather than stemming, to remove terms that occur once, to combine unigram and bigram words and to use presence-based weighting rather than frequency-based one. Our results show also that classification performance may be influenced by documents length, documents homogeneity and the nature of document authors. However, the size of data sets does not have an impact on classification results.	2012	1.6666666667
Sentiment classification of Chinese online reviews: analysing and improving supervised machine learning	With the boost of online reviews, a large quantity of consumers' opinions on certain products and services are generated and spread over the internet, thus techniques of sentiment classification for online reviews rise in response to the requirement of retrieving valuable information. This paper is mainly focused on improving sentiment classification of Chinese online reviews through analysing and improving each step in supervised machine learning. At first, adjectives, adverbs, and verbs arc selected as the initial text features. Then, three statistic methods (DF, IG and CHI) are utilised to extract features. At last, a Boolean method is applied to set weight to features and a support vector machine (SVM) is employed as the classifier. Several comparative experiments have been conducted on reviews of two domains: mobile phone (product) reviews and hotel (service) reviews. The experimental results indicate that part of speech (POS), the number of features, evaluation domain, feature extraction algorithm and kernel function of SVM have great influences on sentiment classification, while the number of training corpora has a little impact. In addition, further improvements of DF IG and CHI have been made, which demonstrate the theoretical significance and the practical value of this research.	2012	1.6666666667
Effectiveness of web search results for genre and sentiment classification	Summary: The motivation of this study is to enhance general topical search with a sentiment-based one where the search results (snippets) returned by the web search engine are clustered by sentiment categories. Firstly we developed an automatic method to identify product review documents using the snippets (summary information that includes the URL, title, and summary text), which is genre classification. Then the identified snippets were automatically classified into positive (recommended) and negative (non-recommended) documents, which is sentiment classification. Thereafter the user may directly decide to access the positive or negative review documents. In this study we used only the snippets rather than their original full-text documents, and applied a common machine learning technique, SVM (support vector machine), and heuristic approaches to investigate how effectively the snippets can be used for genre and sentiment classification. The results show that the web search engine should improve the quality of the snippets especially for opinionated documents (i.e. review documents).	2009	1.3333333333
Turning Online Product Reviews to Customer Knowledge: A Semantic-based Sentiment Classification Approach	Many product review websites have been established (e.g., epinion.com, Rateitall.com) for collecting user reviews for a variety of products. In addition, it has also become a common practice for merchants or product manufacturers to setup online forums that allow their customers to provide reviews or express opinions on products they are interested or have purchased. To facilitate merchants, product manufacturers, and customers in exploiting online product reviews for their marketing, product design, or purchasing decision making, classification of the products reviews into positive and negative categories is essential. In this study, we propose a Semantic-based Sentiment Classification (SSC) technique that constructs from a training set of precategorized product reviews a sentiment classification model on the basis of a collection of positive and negative cue features. Furthermore, the proposed SSC technique includes a semantic expansion mechanism that uses WordNet for expanding the given set of positive and negative cue features. On the basis of three product review corpora, our empirical evaluation results suggest that the proposed SSC technique achieves higher classification effectiveness than the traditional syntactic-level sentiment classification technique does. Moreover, the SSC technique with the use of few seed features (e.g., 10 or 20) can result in comparable classification effectiveness to that attained by the use of a comprehensive list of positive and negative cue features (a total of 4206 words) defined in the General Inquirer.	2006	1.0833333333
Sentiment classification with interpolated information diffusion kernels	Information diffusion kernels - similarity metrics in non-Euclidean information spaces - have been found to produce state of the art results for document classification. In this paper, we present a novel approach to global sentiment classification using these kernels. We carry out a large array of experiments addressing the well-known movie review data set of Pang and Lee, a de facto benchmark, comparing information diffusion kernels with a standard RBF kernel machine. Our results show that interpolation of unigram and bigram information is beneficiary for sentiment classification. Copyright 2007 ACM.	2007	1.0909090909
BOUNCE: Sentiment Classification in Twitter using Rich Feature Sets	ABSTRACT  The widespread use of Twitter makes it very interesting to determine the opinions and the sentiments expressed by its users. The shortness of the length and the highly informal nature of tweets render it very difficult to automatically detect such information. This paper reports the results to a challenge, set forth by SemEval-2013 Task 2, to determine the positive, neutral, or negative sentiments of tweets. Two systems are explained: System A for determining the sentiment of a phrase within a tweet and System B for determining the sentiment of a tweet. Both approaches rely on rich feature sets, which are explained in detail.	2013	1.6
Sentiment classification analysis based on extraction of sentiment key sentence	A key problem of sentiment analysis is to determine the polarity of a review is positive(thumbs up) or negative(thumbs down).Unlike topic-based text classification,where a high accuracy can be achieved,the sentiment classification is a hard and complicated task.One of the main challenges for document-level sentiment classification is that not every part of the document is equally informative for inferring the polarity of the whole document.Thus,making a distinction between key sentences and trivial sentences will be helpful to improve the sentiment classification performance.We divide a document into key sentences and detailed sentences.Key sentence is usually brief but discriminative while detailed sentences are diverse and ambiguous.For key sentence extraction,our approach takes three attributes into account:sentiment attribute,position attribute and special words attribute.To make use of the discrepancy and complementarity of key sentences and detailed sentences,we incorporate key sentences and detailed sentences in supervised and semi-supervised learning.In supervised sentiment classification,a classifier combination approach is adopted because the original document is divided into two different and complementary parts;in semi-supervised sentiment classification,a co-training algorithm is proposed to incorporate unlabeled data for sentiment classification.Experimental results across eight domains show that our approach performs better than the baseline method and the key sentence extraction is effective.	2012	1.5
Sentiment Classification of Drug Reviews Using a Rule-Based Linguistic Approach	Clause-level sentiment classification algorithm is developed and applied to drug reviews on a discussion forum. The algorithm adopts a pure linguistic approach of computing the sentiment of a clause from the prior sentiment scores assigned to individual words, taking into consideration the grammatical dependency structure of the clause using the sentiment analysis rules. MetaMap, a medical resource tool, is used to identify various disease terms in the review documents to utilize domain knowledge for sentiment classification. Experiment results with 1,000 clauses show the effectiveness of the proposed approach, and it performed significantly better than baseline machine learning approaches. Various challenging issues were identified through error analysis, and we will continue improving our linguistic algorithm.	2012	1.5
An unsupervised approach for sentiment classification	In this paper we propose a new unsupervised and domain independent approach for sentiment classification. It takes a few documents as the training set to build a sentiment vocabulary list which will be used to classify the documents according to their sentiment orientation. The system is self-supervised and domain independent. Experimental results show that the classification accuracy of the approach can reach 85.7% which is better than the previous experiments of unsupervised methods.	2012	1.5
Reserved Self-training: A Semi-supervised Sentiment Classification Method for Chinese Microblogs	"Yang, ""Reserved self-training: A semi- supervised sentiment classification method for chinese microblogs,"" in Proceedings of the Sixth International Joint Conference on Natural Language Processing."	2013	1.6
Using multiple sources of agreement information for sentiment classification of political transcripts	ABSTRACT  Sentiment classifiers attempt to determine whether a document expresses a generally positive or negative sentiment about its topic. Previous work has shown that overall per- formance can be improved by combining per-document classifications with information about agreement between documents. This paper explores approaches to sentiment clas- sification of U.S Congressional floor debate transcripts that use a model for incorporating multiple sources of information about agree- ments between speakers. An empirical eval- uation demonstrates accuracy improvements over previously published results.	2008	1.2
Integrating Intra- and Inter-document Evidences for Improving Sentence Sentiment Classification	Sentence sentiment classification is an important task of sentiment analysis. It aims to classify the sentences into positive, negative, or objective. One can consider sentence sentiment classification as a standard text categorization problem. However, determining the sentiment orientation of a review sentence requires more than the features inside the sentence itself, especially for the sentences with little or ambiguous inside sentence features. Through observing, some features outside the sentence can interact with its inside features to enhance the overall performance of sentence sentiment classification. Thus in this paper, we propose two such outside sentence features: intra-document evidence and inter-document evidence. Then in order to improve the sentence sentiment classification performance, a graph-based propagation approach is presented to incorporate these inside and outside sentence features. The experimental results on camera domain show that the proposed approach performs better than the approaches without using outside sentence features, and outperforms other representational previous approaches.	2010	1.375
Text Sentiment Classification Based on Phrase Patterns	The research of the text sentiment classification has the broad prospect and the related classification on phrases is the basic in QA system, information security and online investigation. Based on the linguistics, the paper analyzes the characteristics of the semantic definition in HowNet, calculates the orientation similarity of words in the phrase based on the sentiment weight priority and puts forward the concept of center word to calculate the orientation of the phrase according to the combination of the words in the phrase. The experiments show that it has better result in orientation recognition and some practice value that it can ground text orientation recognition in the research on larger granularities.	2008	1.1
Sentiment Classification of Movie Reviews Using Multiple Perspectives	This study develops an automatic method for in-depth sentiment analysis of movie review documents using information extraction techniques and a machine learning approach. The analysis results provide sentiment orientations in multiple perspectives, each focusing on a specific aspect of the reviewed entity. Sentiment  classification in multiple perspectives can provide more comprehensive sentiment analysis for applications like sentiment ranking and rating. By utilizing information extraction techniques such as entity extraction, co-referencing and pronoun resolution, the review texts are segmented into sections where each section discusses particular aspect of the reviewed entity. For each section of sentences, Support Vector Machine (SVM)  using vectors of terms is applied to determine sentiment orientation toward the target aspect. In our exploratory study, we focus on the sentiment orientations toward overall movie, movie directors and casts in the movie. The experimental results prove the effectiveness of the proposed approach for sentiment classification of movie reviews.	2008	1.1
Text Sentiment Classification Research Based on Semantic Comprehension	Text sentiment classification is used widely,such as information filtering,information security and information recommendation.This paper proposed an improved method based on semantic comprehension.In this paper,sentiment primitive was introduced into sentiment terms identification,and then semantic values of phrases were obtained.Furthermore,this paper further analysed adverbs and its influence on identification of text orientation in the semantic level and achieved the text sentiment classification.The experimental results show that the proposed approach is sui-table for judging sentiment orientation.	2010	1.25
Sentiment classification using genetic algorithm and Conditional Random Fields	Sentiment classification has attracted increasing interest from Natural Language Processing. This paper explores the genetic algorithm to extract the best feature collections from the semantic features of emotional collections. Conditional Random Fields (CRFs) is employed to model the emotional tendency of web pages which are divided into different types of comments, such as positive comments, negative comments and objective comments. Experimental results on both the product reviews and the 1998 People's Daily corpus show that the proposed algorithm works reasonable in the real calculation.	2010	1.25
A Method of Text Sentiment Classification Based on Weighted Rough Membership	Facing with promptly increasing reviews on the Web,it has been great challenge for information science and technology that how people effectively organize and process document data hiding large amounts of information to meet with particular needs.Text sentiment classification aims at developing some new theories and methods to automatically explore the sentiment orientation of a text by mining and analyzing subjective information in texts such as standpoint,view,attitude,mood,and so on.A method of text sentiment classification based on weighted rough membership is proposed in this paper.In the method,the model of text expression is established based on two-tuples attribute(feature,feature orientation intensity),by introducing feature orientation intensity into the method of vector space representation.An attribute discretization method is proposed based on the sentiment orientation sequence for feature selection unifying the discretization processing to depress data dimension.To utilize the feature orientation intensity,a weighted rough membership is defined for classifying new sentiment text.Compared with SVM classifier,on the reality car review corpus,the proposed method based on rough membership for text sentiment classification has the best performance after data being compressed in a certainty extent for text sentiment classification.	2011	1.2857142857
A non-syntactic approach for text sentiment classification with stopwords	The present approach uses stopwords and the gaps that occur between successive stopwords -formed by contentwords- as features for sentiment classification.	2011	1.2857142857
SNIPPET-BASED UNSUPERVISED APPROACH FOR SENTIMENT CLASSIFICATION OF CHINESE ONLINE REVIEWS	Sentiment classification seeks to identify general attitude of a piece of text of comments or reviews on certain subject, be it positive or negative. Most existing researches on sentiment classification employ supervised learning approaches that rely on annotated data. However, sentiment is expressed differently on different subjects in different domains, and having annotated corpora for every domain of interest is not always practical. This paper proposes an unsupervised learning approach for classifying text of online reviews as recommended or not recommended. The proposed method is based on search engine snippet, summary information on the result page of a search engine. A basic assumption is that terms with similar orientation tend to co-occur. The co-occurrence is measured by utilizing snippets returned from search engines, with a query consisting of the text and a seed positive or negative word. With the information of snippets, the proposed method may estimate the association of candidate terms more accurately. This allows us to reliably predict the sentiment orientation of customer reviews. Texts of customer reviews are then classified as recommended or not recommended if the average sentiment orientations of its phrases are positive or negative. The research data set of this study consists of 600 Chinese online reviews about travel destinations retrieved from Ctrip.com. Our approach achieves an accuracy of 76.5%. Factors that influence the accuracy of the sentiment classification of Chinese online reviews were discussed.	2011	1.2857142857
Developing Evaluation Model of Topical Term for Document-Level Sentiment Classification	Sentiment classification is used to identify whether the opinion expressed in a document is positive or negative. In this paper, we present an evaluation modeling approach to document-level sentiment.	2008	1.1
Sentiment Classification with Support Vector Machines and Multiple Kernel Functions	Support vector machine (SVM) is a learning technique that performs well on sentiment classification. The performance of SVM depends on the used kernel function. 	2009	1.1111111111
Imbalanced Sentiment Classification with Multi-strategy Ensemble Learning	Recently, sentiment classification has become a hot research topic in natural language processing. But most existing studies assume that the samples in the negative and positive categories are balanced, which might not be true in real applications. In this paper, we investigate sentiment classification tasks where the class distribution of the sam-ples is imbalanced. To handle the imbalanced problem, we propose a multi-strategy ensemble learning approach to this problem. Our ensemble approach integrates sample-ensemble, feature-ensemble, and classifier-ensemble by ex-ploiting multiple classification algorithms. Evaluation across four domains shows that our ensemble approach outper-forms many other popular approaches that handling imbal-anced classification problems, such as re-sampling and cost-sensitive approaches, and is proven effective for imbalanced sentiment classification.	2011	1.2857142857
A Kernel-Based Sentiment Classification Approach for Chinese Sentences	There has been a large growth of online opinioned customer reviews in the recent years. Classifying such reviews into polarized ones would be beneficial in business intelligence and other application domains. This paper aims at finding a solution for the sentiment classification at a fine-grained level, namely the sentence level. The challenge is that because a sentiment expression is more free-style, it is more difficult to determine classification features. Therefore, we propose a kernel-based machine learning approach to make it feasible for incorporating multiple features from lexical and syntactic levels. The experiment results have shown that our approach is effective and outperforms the very competitive n-gram method.	2009	1.1111111111
A Case-Based Approach to Cross Domain Sentiment Classification	This paper considers the task of sentiment classification of subjective text across many domains, in particular on scenarios where no in-domain data is available. 	2012	1.3333333333
Sentiment classification in Persian: Introducing a mutual information-based method for feature selection	With the enormous growth of online reviews in Internet, sentiment analysis has received more and more attention in information retrieval and natural language processing community. Up to now there are very few researches conducted on sentiment analysis for Persian documents. This paper considers the problem of sentiment classification for online customer reviews in Persian language. One of the challenges of Persian language is using of a wide variety of declensional suffixes. Another common problem of Persian text is word spacing. In Persian in addition to white space as interwords space, an intra-word space called pseudo-space separates word's part. One more noticeable challenge in customer reviews in Persian language is that of utilizing many informal or colloquial words in text. In this paper we study these challenges by proposing a model for sentiment classification of Persian review documents. The proposed model is based on a lemmatization approach for Persian language and is employed Naive Bayes learning algorithm for classification. Additionally we present a new feature selection method based on the mutual information method to extract the best feature collection from the initial extracted features. Finally we evaluate the performance of the model on a manually gathered collection of cellphone reviews, where the results show the effectiveness of the proposed model.	2013	1.4
Wikipedia based semantic smoothing for twitter sentiment classification	Sentiment classification is one of the important and popular application areas for text classification in which texts are labeled as positive and negative. Moreover, Naive Bayes (NB) is one of the mostly used algorithms in this area. NB having several advantages on lower complexity and simpler training procedure, it suffers from sparsity. Smoothing can be a solution for this problem, mostly Laplace Smoothing is used; however in this paper we propose Wikipedia based semantic smoothing approach. In our study we extend semantic approach by using Wikipedia article titles that exist in training documents, categories and redirects of these articles as topic signatures. Results of the extensive experiments show that our approach improves the performance of NB and even can exceed the accuracy of SVM on Twitter Sentiment 140 dataset.	2013	1.4
Extracting features for sentiment classification: In the perspective of statistical natural language processing	Abstract In order to improve the accuracy of sentiment classification especially for Chinese online reviews, this paper proposed an approach to extract features for sentiment classification effectively and efficiently. The proposed method is based on supervised machine learning and follows the basic procedure of statistical natural language processing (SNLP). Through feature selection, feature extraction and feature weighting, the significant features for sentiment classification are obtained while the insignificant ones are removed. Comparative experiments have been made on mobile phone online reviews in Chinese, and improvement of three extraction algorithms (DF, IG and CHI) have also been made to obtain more accurate result. This research enriches the studies on sentiment classification theoretically, and is helpful for future work.	2012	1.3333333333
Nebular: A sentiment classification system for the tourism business	Due to the rapid growth of the tourism industry around the globe, tourists tend to find information of interesting attractions via available search engines. With the rapid growth of Web 2.0 in the past few years, tourists generally share their experiences through travel social network websites (Travel 2.0) such as TripAdvisor, VirtuaiTourist and Yahoo Travel. These websites have become major sources of information for tourists; however, due to the amount of available opinionated text, tourists are often overwhelmed with information. As a consequence, tourists find it extremely difficult to obtain any useful comments to make a decision regarding their travel destinations. The Nebular system is therefore proposed to classify comments gathered from available travel social network websites into predefined aspects and further analyze comments into positive and negative sentiments. This system aims to assist tourists to easily extract subjective information from travel social network websites and determine the attitude and the overall tonality of writers in the traveling domain. This can reduce the time required in searching for related information as well as easily support the growth of the tourism industry around the world.	2011	1.1428571429
Sentiment classification using semantic features extracted from WordNet-based resources	In this paper, we concentrate on the 3 of the tracks proposed in the NTCIR 8 MOAT, concerning the classification of sentences according to their opinionatedness, relevance and polarity. We propose a method for the detection of opinions, relevance, and polarity classification, based on ISR-WN (a resource for the multidimensional analysis with Relevant Semantic Trees of sentences using different WordNet-based information sources). Based on the results obtained, we can conclude that the resource and methods we propose are appropriate for the task, reaching the level of state-of-the-art approaches.	2011	1.1428571429
Research on sentiment classification problem of sino-japanese relations forum	Aiming at sentiment classification problem about Sino-Japanese relations forum,this paper studies the corpus characteristic of the specific areas(on Sino-Japanese Relations forum),the influence of different characteristic dimension,weight computation,selection method as well as different word classes to the sentiment classification result.By automatically classifying sentiments on the corpus of Sino-Japanese Relations Forum during Jan.,2006-May,2006.,the situation of Sino-Japanese relations are concluded.	2007	0.9090909091
Affective-word based Chinese text sentiment classification	When browsing news on the web, various emotions may be evoked in readers and furthermore cause different influence on their minds and life. We expect that emotional analysis and classification of text may provide good performance and significance to users surfing the Internet. Most previous research only focus on bi-emotion classification, that is, Positive and Negative, e.g., identifying whether a comment is for praising or criticizing. In this paper, we propose a 蠂2-based Chinese text emotion classification with five sentiment categories. We run two experiments, one uses sentiment words extracted from HowNet and a Chinese thesaurus: TongYiCi CiLin, and the other is not. The results shows that adding affective words can make better prediction in the sentiment classification.	2011	1.1428571429
Feature Subsumption for Sentiment Classification in Multiple Languages	An open problem in machine learning-based sentiment classification is how to extract complex features that outperform simple features; figuring out which types of features are most valuable is another.	2010	1.125
A Case-Based Approach to Cross Domain Sentiment Classification	This paper considers the task of sentiment classification of subjective text across many domains, in particular on scenarios where no in-domain data is available. Motivated by the more general applicability of such methods, we propose an extensible approach to sentiment classification that leverages sentiment lexicons and out-of-domain data to build a case-based system where solutions to past cases are reused to predict the sentiment of new documents from an unknown domain. In our approach the case representation uses a set of features based on document statistics, while the case solution stores sentiment lexicons employed on past predictions allowing for later retrieval and reuse on similar documents. The case-based nature of our approach also allows for future improvements since new lexicons and classification methods can be added to the case base as they become available. On a cross domain experiment our method has shown robust results when compared to a baseline single-lexicon classifier where the lexicon has to be pre-selected for the domain in question.	2012	1.3333333333
Recognizing contextual valence shifters in document-level sentiment classification	Sentiment classification is an emerging research field. Due to the rich opinionated web content, people and organizations are interested in knowing others' opinions, so they needan automated tool for analyzing and summarizing these opinions. One of the major tasks of sentiment classification is to classify a document (i.e. a blog, news article or review) as holding an overall positive or negative sentiment. Machine learning approaches havesucceeded in achieving better results than semantic orientation approaches in document-level sentiment classification; however, they still need to take linguistic context into account,by making use of the so-called contextual valence shifters. Early research has tried to add sentiment features and contextual valence shifters to the machine learning approach to tackle this problem, but the classifier's performance was low.In this study, we would like to improve the performance of document-level sentiment classification using the machine learning approach by proposing new feature sets that refine the traditional sentiment feature extraction method and take contextual valence shiftersinto consideration from a different perspective than the earlier research. These feature sets include: 1) a feature set consisting of 16 features for counting different categories of contextual valence shifters (intensifiers, negators and polarity shifters) as well as the frequency of words grouped according to their final (modified) polarity; and 2) another feature set consisting of the frequency of each sentiment word after modifying its prior polarity. We performedseveral experiments to: 1) compare our proposed feature sets with the traditional sentiment features that count the frequency of each sentiment word while disregarding its prior polarity; 2) compare our proposed feature sets after combining them with stylistic features and n-grams with traditional sentiment features combined with stylistic features and n-grams; and 3) evaluate the effectiveness of our proposed feature sets against stylistic features and n-grams by performing feature selection. The results of all the experiments show a significant improvement over the baselines, in terms of the accuracy, precision and recall, which indicate that our proposed feature sets are effective in document-level sentiment classification.	2011	1.1428571429
Suicide Note Sentiment Classification: A Supervised Approach Augmented by Web Data	To create a sentiment classification system for the Fifth i2b2/VA Challenge Track 2, which can identify thirteen subjective categories and two objective categories. We developed a hybrid system using Support Vector Machine (SVM) classifiers with augmented training data from the Internet. Our system consists of three types of classification-based systems: the first system uses spanning n-gram features for subjective categories, the second one uses bag-of-n-gram features for objective categories, and the third one uses pattern matching for infrequent or subtle emotion categories. The spanning n-gram features are selected by a feature selection algorithm that leverages emotional corpus from weblogs. Special normalization of objective sentences is generalized with shallow parsing and external web knowledge. We utilize three sources of web data: the weblog of LiveJournal which helps to improve the feature selection, the eBay List which assists in special normalization ofinformationandinstructionscategories, and the suicide project web which provides unlabeled data with similar properties as suicide notes. The performance is evaluated by the overall micro-averaged precision, recall and F-measure. Our system achieved an overall micro-averaged F-measure of 0.59.Happiness_peacefulnesshad the highest F-measure of 0.81. We were ranked as the second best out of 26 competing teams. Our results indicated that classifying fine-grained sentiments at sentence level is a non-trivial task. It is effective to divide categories into different groups according to their semantic properties. In addition, our system performance benefits from external knowledge extracted from publically available web data of other purposes; performance can be further enhanced when more training data is available.	2012	1.1666666667
Sentiment classification in Persian: Introducing a mutual information-based method for feature selection	With the enormous growth of online reviews in Internet, sentiment analysis has received more and more attention in information retrieval and natural language processing community. Up to now there are very few researches conducted on sentiment analysis for Persian documents. This paper considers the problem of sentiment classification for online customer reviews in Persian language. One of the challenges of Persian language is using of a wide variety of declensional suffixes. Another common problem of Persian text is word spacing. In Persian in addition to white space as interwords space, an intra-word space called pseudo-space separates word's part. One more noticeable challenge in customer reviews in Persian language is that of utilizing many informal or colloquial words in text. In this paper we study these challenges by proposing a model for sentiment classification of Persian review documents. The proposed model is based on a lemmatization approach for Persian language and is employed Naive Bayes learning algorithm for classification. Additionally we present a new feature selection method based on the mutual information method to extract the best feature collection from the initial extracted features. Finally we evaluate the performance of the model on a manually gathered collection of cellphone reviews, where the results show the effectiveness of the proposed model.	2013	1.2
Improving Document-Level Sentiment Classification Using Contextual Valence Shifters	Traditional sentiment feature extraction methods in document-level sentiment classification either count the frequencies of sentiment words as features, or the frequencies of modified and unmodified instances of each of these words. However, these methods do not represent the sentiment words’ linguistic context efficiently. We propose a novel method and feature set to handle the contextual polarity of sentiment words efficiently. Our experiments on both movie and product reviews show a significant improvement in the classifier’s performance (an overall accuracy increase of 2%), in addition to statistical significance of our feature set over the traditional feature set. Also, compared with other widely-used feature sets, most of our features are among the key features for sentiment classification.	2012	1.1666666667
Improving Document-Level Sentiment Classification Using Contextual Valence Shifters	Summary: Traditional sentiment feature extraction methods in document-level sentiment classification either count the frequencies of sentiment words as features, or the frequencies of modified and unmodified instances of each of these words. However, these methods do not represent the sentiment words’ linguistic context efficiently. We propose a novel method and feature set to handle the contextual polarity of sentiment words efficiently. Our experiments on both movie and product reviews show a significant improvement in the classifier’s performance (an overall accuracy increase of 2\%), in addition to statistical significance of our feature set over the traditional feature set. Also, compared with other widely-used feature sets, most of our features are among the key features for sentiment classification.	2012	1.1666666667
Spectral Clustering-Based Semi-supervised Sentiment Classification	This work proposes a semi-supervised sentiment classification method. Our method utilizes spectral clustering-based algorithm to improve the sentiment classification accuracy. We adopt a spectral clustering algorithm to map sentiment units in consumer reviews into new features which are extended into the original feature space. One sentiment classifier is built on the features in the original training space, and the original training features combined with the extended features are used to train the other sentiment classifier. The two basic sentiment classifiers together form the final sentiment classifier through selecting instances in the unlabeled data set into the training data set. Experimental results show that our proposed method has better performance than Self-learning SVM-based sentiment classification method.	2012	1.1666666667
Featured based sentiment classification for hotel reviews using NLP and Bayesian classification	The internet revolution has brought about a new way of expressing an individual's opinion. It has become a medium through which people openly express their views on various subjects. These opinions contain useful information which can be utilized in many sectors which require constant customer feedback. Analysis of the opinion and it's classification into different sentiment classes is gradually emerging as a key factor in decision making. There has been extensive research on automatic text analysis for sentiments such as sentiment classifiers, affect analysis, automatic survey analysis, opinion extraction, or recommender systems. These methods typically try to extract the overall sentiment revealed in a sentence or document, either positive or negative, or somewhere in between. However, a drawback of these methods is that the information can be degraded, especially in texts where a loss of information can also occur. The proposed method attempts to overcome the problem of the loss of text information by using well trained training sets. Also, recommendation of a product or request for a product as per the user's requirements have achieved with the proposed method.	2012	1.1666666667
Heterogeneous ensemble learning for Chinese sentiment classification	ABSTRACT  Sentiment classification is an important research field in information processing and has rich application background and practical value. The intuition that builds a high performance classifier via some combination of different algorithm is a long motivation. In this paper, three heterogeneous ensemble learning method is used to ensemble the following four classifiers-support vector machine, k nearest neighbor, weighting sums of sentimental words based on statistics and weighting sums of sentimental words based on ontology. For each kind of classifiers we pick one to three classifiers to test the influence of quantity of individual classifiers to the performance of ensemble classifier. Experiments on Chinese benchmark dataset ChnSentiCorp-Htl-ba-4000 show that ensemble learning methods can generate an ensemble classifier which outperforms any individual classifier, and with more individual classifiers the ensemble classifier will gain better performance.	2012	1.1666666667
Revised mutual information approach for german text sentiment classification	The significant increase in content of online social media such as product reviews, blogs, forums etc., have led to an increasing attention to sentiment analysis tools and approaches that make use of mining this substantially growing content. The aim of this paper is to develop a robust classification approach of customer reviews based on a self-annotated domain-specific corpus by applying a statistical approach i.e., mutual information. First, subjective words in each test sentence are identified. Second, ambiguous adjectives such as high, low, large, many etc., are disambiguated based on their accompanying noun using a conditional mutual information approach. Third, a mutual information approach is applied to find the sentiment orientation (polarity) of the identified subjective words based on analyzing their statistical relationship with the manually annotated sentiment labels within a sizeable sentiment training data. Fourth, since negation plays a significant role in flipping the sentiment polarity of an identified sentiment word, we estimate the role of negation in affecting the classification accuracy. Finally, the identified polarity for each test sentence is evaluated against experts' annotation.	2013	1.2
Sentiment Classification Using Machine Learning Techniques with Syntax Features	Sentiment classification has adopted machine learning techniques to improve its precision and efficiency. However, the features are always produced by basic words-bag methods without much consideration for words' syntactic properties, which could play an important role in the judgment of sentiment meanings. To remedy this, we firstly generate syntax trees of the sentences, with the analysis of syntactic features of the sentences. Then we introduce multiple sentiment features into the basic words-bag features. Such features were trained on movie reviews as data, with machine learning methods (Naive Bayes and support vector machines). The features and factors introduced by syntax tree were examined to generate a more accurate solution for sentiment classification.	2016	42.5
Cross-Domain Sentiment Classification Using Sentiment Sensitive Embeddings	Unsupervised Cross-domain Sentiment Classification is the task of adapting a sentiment classifier trained on a particular domain (source domain), to a different domain (target domain), without requiring any labeled data for the target domain. By adapting an existing sentiment classifier to previously unseen target domains, we can avoid the cost for manual data annotation for the target domain. We model this problem as embedding learning, and construct three objective functions that capture: (a) distributional properties of  pivots (i.e., common features that appear in both source and target domains), (b) label constraints in the source domain documents, and (c) geometric properties in the unlabeled documents in both source and target domains. Unlike prior proposals that first learn a lower-dimensional embedding independent of the source domain sentiment labels, and next a sentiment classifier in this embedding, our joint optimisation method learns embeddings that are sensitive to sentiment classification. Experimental results on a benchmark dataset show that by jointly optimising the three objectives we can obtain better performances in comparison to optimising each objective function separately, thereby demonstrating the importance of task-specific embedding learning for cross-domain sentiment classification. Among the individual objective functions, the best performance is obtained by (c). Moreover, the proposed method reports cross-domain sentiment classification accuracies that are statistically comparable to the current state-of-the-art embedding learning methods for cross-domain sentiment classification.	2016	33.5
Coooolll: A Deep Learning System for Twitter Sentiment Classification	In this paper, we develop a deep learn- ing system for message-level Twitter sen- timent classification. Among the 45 sub- mitted systems including the SemEval 2013 participants, our system (Coooolll) is ranked 2nd on the Twitter2014 test set of SemEval 2014 Task 9. Coooolll is built in a supervised learning framework by concatenating the sentiment-specific word embedding (SSWE) features with the state-of-the-art hand-crafted features. We develop a neural network with hybrid loss function 1 to learn SSWE, which en- codes the sentiment information of tweets in the continuous representation of words. To obtain large-scale training corpora, we train SSWE from 10M tweets collected by positive and negative emoticons, without any manual annotation. Our system can be easily re-implemented with the publicly available sentiment-specific word embed- ding.	2014	16.75
Learning Sentiment-Specific Word Embedding for Twitter Sentiment Classification	Abstract We present a method that learns word embedding for Twitter sentiment classification in this paper. Most existing algorithms for learning continuous word representations typically only model the syntactic context of words but ignore the sentiment of text. This is problematic for sentiment analysis as they usually map words with similar syntactic context but opposite sentiment polarity, such as good and bad, to neighboring word vectors. We address this issue by learning sentimentspecific word embedding (SSWE), which encodes sentiment information in the continuous representation of words. Specifically, we develop three neural networks to effectively incorporate the supervision from sentiment polarity of text (e.g. sentences or tweets) in their loss functions. To obtain large scale training corpora, we learn the sentiment-specific word embedding from massive distant-supervised tweets collected by positive and negative emoticons. Experiments on applying SSWE to a benchmark Twitter sentiment classification dataset in SemEval 2013 show that (1) the SSWE feature performs comparably with hand-crafted features in the top-performed system; (2) the performance is further improved by concatenating SSWE with existing feature set.	2014	58
Document Modeling with Gated Recurrent Neural Network for Sentiment Classification	Emoji is an essential component in dialogues which has been broadly utilized on almost all social platforms. It could express more delicate feelings beyond plain texts and thus smooth the communications between users, making dialogue systems more anthropomorphic and vivid. In this paper, we focus on automatically recommending appropriate emojis given the contextual information in multi-turn.	2015	36
Adaptive Recursive Neural Network for Target-dependent Twitter Sentiment Classification	Abstract We propose Adaptive Recursive Neural Network (AdaRNN) for target-dependent Twitter sentiment classification. AdaRNN adaptively propagates the sentiments of words to target depending on the context and syntactic relationships.	2014	21
Sentiment classification: The contribution of ensemble learning	Analyzing and predicting the polarity of the sentiment plays an important role.•Three popular ensemble methods for sentiment classification are asse.	2014	15.75
Target-dependent twitter sentiment classification with rich automatic features	Target-dependent sentiment analysis on Twitter has attracted increasing research attention. Most previous work relies on syntax, such as automatic parse trees, which are subject to noise for informal text such as tweets. 	2015	11
Harnessing WordNet Senses for Supervised Sentiment Classification.	ABSTRACT  Traditional approaches to sentiment classification rely on lexical features, syntax-based features or a combination of the two. We propose semantic features using word senses for a supervised document-level sentiment classifier. To highlight the benefit of sense-based features, we compare word-based representation of documents with a sense-based representation where WordNet senses of the words are used as features. In addition, we highlight the benefit of senses by presenting a part-of-speech-wise effect on sentiment classification. Finally, we show that even if a WSD engine disambiguates between a limited set of words in a document, a sentiment classifier still performs better than what it does in absence of sense annotation. Since word senses used as features show promise, we also examine the possibility of using similarity metrics defined on WordNet to address the problem of not finding a sense in the training corpus. We perform experiments using three popular similarity metrics to mitigate the effect of unknown synsets in a test corpus by replacing them with similar synsets from the training corpus. The results show promising improvement with respect to the baseline.	2014	10
A multi-label classification based approach for sentiment classification	A detailed empirical study of different multi-label classification methods on sentiment classification is conducted to compare their classification performances. Specifically, total 11 state of the art multi-label classification methods are compared on two microblog datasets and 8 evaluation metrics are used. The effects of the three sentiment dictionaries for multi-label classification are empirically studied and compared, which, to the best of our knowledge, have not been performed. The performed empirical comparisons show that Dalian University of Technology Sentiment Dictionary has the best performance among the three different sentiment dictionaries.	2015	9
SwissCheese at SemEval-2016 Task 4: Sentiment Classification Using an Ensemble of Convolutional Neural Networks with Distant Supervision	In this paper, we propose a classifier for predicting message-level sentiments of En- glish micro-blog messages from Twitter. Our method builds upon the convolutional sen- tence embedding approach proposed by (Sev- eryn and Moschitti, 2015a; Severyn and Mos- chitti, 2015b). We leverage large amounts of data with distant supervision to train an en- semble of 2-layer convolutional neural net- works whose predictions are combined using a random forest classifier. Our approach was evaluated on the datasets of the SemEval-2016 competition (Task 4) outperforming all other approaches for the Message Polarity Classifi- cation task.	2016	13.5
Learning Semantic Representations of Users and Products for Document Level Sentiment Classification	Review rating prediction is an important research topic. The problem was approached from either the perspective of recommender systems (RS) or that of sentiment analysis (SA). Recent SA research using deep neural networks (DNNs) has realized the importance of user and product interaction for better interpreting the sentiment of reviews. 	2015	14.3333333333
Lifelong Learning for Sentiment Classification	ABSTRACT  This paper proposes a novel lifelong learning (LL) approach to sentiment classification. LL mimics the human continuous learning process, i.e., retaining the knowledge learned from past tasks and use it to help future learning. In this paper, we first discuss LL in general and then LL for sentiment classification in particular. The proposed LL approach adopts a Bayesian optimization framework based on stochastic gradient descent. Our experimental results show that the proposed method outperforms baseline methods significantly, which demonstrates that lifelong learning is a promising research direction.	2015	5
Aspect Level Sentiment Classification with Deep Memory Network	Abstract:  We introduce a deep memory network for aspect level sentiment classification. Unlike feature-based SVM and sequential neural models such as LSTM, this approach explicitly captures the importance of each context word when inferring the sentiment polarity of an aspect. Such importance degree and text representation are calculated with multiple computational layers, each of which is a neural attention model over an external memory. Experiments on laptop and restaurant datasets demonstrate that our approach performs comparable to state-of-art feature based SVM system, and substantially better than LSTM and attention-based LSTM architectures. On both datasets we show that multiple computational layers could improve the performance. Moreover, our approach is also fast. The deep memory network with 9 layers is 15 times faster than LSTM with a CPU implementation.	2016	7
TASC:Topic-Adaptive Sentiment Classification on Dynamic Tweets	Sentiment classification is a topic-sensitive task, i.e., a classifier trained from one topic will perform worse on another. This is especially a problem for the tweets sentiment analysis. Since the topics in Twitter are very diverse, it is impossible to train a universal classifier for all topics. Moreover, compared to product review, Twitter lacks data labeling and a rating mechanism to acquire sentiment labels. The extremely sparse text of tweets also brings down the performance of a sentiment classifier. In this paper, we propose a semi-supervised topic-adaptive sentiment classification (TASC) model, which starts with a classifier built on common features and mixed labeled data from various topics. It minimizes the hinge loss to adapt to unlabeled data and features including topic-related sentiment words, authors' sentiments and sentiment connections derived from“@” mentions of tweets, named as topic-adaptive features. Text and non-text features are extracted and naturally split into two views for co-training. The TASC learning algorithm updates topic-adaptive features based on the collaborative selection of unlabeled data, which in turn helps to select more reliable tweets to boost the performance. We also design the adapting model along a timeline (TASC-t) for dynamic tweets. An experiment on 6 topics from published tweet corpuses demonstrates that TASC outperforms other well-known supervised and ensemble classifiers. It also beats those semi-supervised learning methods without feature adaption. Meanwhile, TASC-t can also achieve impressive accuracy and F-score. Finally, with timeline visualization of “river” graph, people can intuitively grasp the ups and downs of sentiments' evolvement, and the intensity by color gradation.	2015	5.6666666667
Multilingual Twitter Sentiment Classification: The Role of Human Annotators	Abstract What are the limits of automated Twitter sentiment classification? We analyze a large set of manually labeled tweets in different languages, use them as training data, and construct automated classification models. It turns out that the quality of classification models depends much more on the quality and size of training data than on the type of the model trained. Experimental results indicate that there is no statistically significant difference between the performance of the top classification models. We quantify the quality of training data by applying various annotator agreement measures, and identify the weakest points of different datasets. We show that the model performance approaches the inter-annotator agreement when the size of the training set is sufficiently large. However, it is crucial to regularly monitor the self- and inter-annotator agreements since this improves the training datasets and consequently the model performance. Finally, we show that there is strong evidence that humans perceive the sentiment classes (negative, neutral, and positive) as ordered.	2016	7.5
Context-sensitive twitter sentiment classification using neural network	Sentiment classification on Twitter has attracted increasing research in recent years.Most existing work focuses on feature engineering according to the tweet content itself.In this paper, we propose a context-based neural network model for Twitter sentiment analysis, incorporating contextualized features from relevant Tweets into the model in the form of word embedding vectors.Experiments on both balanced and unbalanced datasets show that our proposed models outperform the current state-of-the-art.	2016	8.5
Effective LSTMs for Target-Dependent Sentiment Classification	Abstract:  Target-dependent sentiment classification remains a challenge: modeling the semantic relatedness of a target with its context words in a sentence. Different context words have different influences on determining the sentiment polarity of a sentence towards the target. Therefore, it is desirable to integrate the connections between target word and context words when building a learning system. In this paper, we develop two target dependent long short-term memory (LSTM) models, where target information is automatically taken into account. We evaluate our methods on a benchmark dataset from Twitter. Empirical results show that modeling sentence representation with standard LSTM does not perform well. Incorporating target information into LSTM can significantly boost the classification accuracy. The target-dependent LSTM models achieve state-of-the-art performances without using syntactic parser or external sentiment lexicons.	2016	7
Do users rate or review?: boost phrase-level sentiment labeling with review-level sentiment classification	Current approaches for contextual sentiment lexicon construction in phrase-level sentiment analysis assume that the numerical star rating of a review represents the overall sentiment orientation of the review text. Although widely adopted, we find through user rating analysis that this is not necessarily true. In this paper, we attempt to bridge the gap between phrase-level and review/document-level sentiment analysis by leveraging the results given by review-level sentiment classification to boost phrase-level sentiment polarity labeling in contextual sentiment lexicon construction tasks, using a novel constrained convex optimization framework. Experimental results on both English and Chinese reviews show that our framework improves the precision of sentiment polarity labeling by up to 5.6%, which is a significant improvement from current approaches.	2014	4.25
Do users rate or review?: boost phrase-level sentiment labeling with review-level sentiment classification	Abstract Current approaches for contextual sentiment lexicon construction in phrase-level sentiment analysis assume that the numerical star rating of a review represents the overall sentiment orientation of the review text. Although widely adopted, we find through user rating analysis that this is not necessarily true. In this paper, we attempt to bridge the gap between phrase-level and review/document-level sentiment analysis by leveraging the results given by review-level sentiment classification to boost phrase-level sentiment polarity labeling in contextual sentiment lexicon construction tasks, using a novel constrained convex optimization framework. Experimental results on both English and Chinese reviews show that our framework improves the precision of sentiment polarity labeling by up to 5.6%, which is a significant improvement from current approaches.	2014	4
Combination of active learning and self-training for cross-lingual sentiment classification with density analysis of unlabelled samples	In recent years, research in sentiment classification has received considerable attention by natural language processing researchers. Annotated sentiment corpora are the most important resources used in sentiment classification. However, since most recent research works in this field have focused on the English language, there are accordingly not enough annotated sentiment resources in other languages. Manual construction of reliable annotated sentiment corpora for a new language is a labour-intensive and time-consuming task. Projection of sentiment corpus from one language into another language is a natural solution used in cross-lingual sentiment classification. Automatic machine translation services are the most commonly tools used to directly project information from one language into another. However, since term distribution across languages may be different due to variations in linguistic terms and writing styles, cross-lingual methods cannot reach the performance of monolingual methods. In this paper, a novel learning model is proposed based on the combination of uncertainty-based active learning and semi-supervised self-training approaches to incorporate unlabelled sentiment documents from the target language in order to improve the performance of cross-lingual methods. Further, in this model, the density measures of unlabelled examples are considered in active learning part in order to avoid outlier selection. The empirical evaluation on book review datasets in three different languages shows that the proposed model can significantly improve the performance of cross-lingual sentiment classification in comparison with other existing and baseline methods.	2015	5
Neural Sentiment Classification with User and Product Attention	Document-level sentiment classification aims to predict user's overall sentiment in a doc- ument about a product. However, most of existing methods only focus on local text in- formation and ignore the global user pref- erence and product characteristics. Even though some works take such information into account, they usually suffer from high model complexity and only consider word- level preference rather than semantic levels. To address this issue, we propose a hierarchi- cal neural network to incorporate global user and product information into sentiment clas- sification. Our model first builds a hierar- chical LSTM model to generate sentence and document representations. Afterwards, user and product information is considered via at- tentions over different semantic levels due to its ability of capturing crucial semantic com- ponents. The experimental results show that our model achieves significant and consistent improvements compared to all state-of-the- art methods. The source code of this paper can be obtained from https://github. com/thunlp/NSC.	2016	5
Sentiment classification of online reviews: using sentence-based language model	With the development of social media, the increasing online reviews of products are greatly influencing the electronic market, making sentiment classification the topic of interest for both industry and academia. This paper develops a sentence-based language model to perform sentiment classification at a fine-grained sentence level. The proposed approach applies a machine learning method to determine the sentiment polarity of a sentence at first, then designs statistical algorithm to compute the weight of the sentence in sentiment classification of the whole document and at last aggregates the weighted sentence to predict the sentiment polarity of document. Besides, experiments are carried out on corpuses in different evaluation domains and languages, and the results demonstrate the effectiveness of the sentence-based approach in obtaining a more accurate result of sentiment classification across different reviews. Furthermore, the experimental results also indicate that the position and the sentiment of a sentence have great impact on predicting the sentiment polarity of document, and corpuses with different evaluative objects, languages and sentiments also greatly influence the performance of sentiment classification. It is believed that these conclusions will be a good inspiration for similar researches.	2014	3.5
A statistical parsing framework for sentiment classification	Abstract:  We present a statistical parsing framework for sentence-level sentiment classification in this article. Unlike previous works that employ syntactic parsing results for sentiment analysis, we develop a statistical parser to directly analyze the sentiment structure of a sentence. We show that complicated phenomena in sentiment analysis (e.g., negation, intensification, and contrast) can be handled the same as simple and straightforward sentiment expressions in a unified and probabilistic way. We formulate the sentiment grammar upon Context-Free Grammars (CFGs), and provide a formal description of the sentiment parsing framework. We develop the parsing model to obtain possible sentiment parse trees for a sentence, from which the polarity model is proposed to derive the sentiment strength and polarity, and the ranking model is dedicated to selecting the best sentiment tree. We train the parser directly from examples of sentences annotated only with sentiment polarity labels but without any syntactic annotations or polarity annotations of constituents within sentences. Therefore we can obtain training data easily. In particular, we train a sentiment parser, s.parser, from a large amount of review sentences with users' ratings as rough sentiment polarity labels. Extensive experiments on existing benchmark datasets show significant improvements over baseline sentiment classification approaches.	2014	3.75
Attention-based LSTM for Aspect-level Sentiment Classification	"Aspect-level sentiment classification is a fine- grained task in sentiment analysis. Since it provides more complete and in-depth results, aspect-level sentiment analysis has received much attention these years. In this paper, we reveal that the sentiment polarity of a sentence is not only determined by the content but is also highly related to the concerned aspect. For instance, ""The appetizers are ok, but the service is slow."", for aspect taste, the polar- ity is positive while for service, the polarity is negative. Therefore, it is worthwhile to ex- plore the connection between an aspect and the content of a sentence. To this end, we propose an Attention-based Long Short-Term Memory Network for aspect-level sentiment classification. The attention mechanism can concentrate on different parts of a sentence when different aspects are taken as input. We experiment on the SemEval 2014 dataset and results show that our model achieves state-of- the-art performance on aspect-level sentiment classification."	2016	4.5
Sentiment classification of online political discussions: a comparison of a word-based and dependency-based method	 Building up the NDT, a manually annotated syntactic treebank for Norwegian Bokm02l and Norwegian Nynorsk. This project was conducted at the National Library of Norway in collaboration with the Text.	2014	3
Adversarial Deep Averaging Networks for Cross-Lingual Sentiment Classification	"In recent years deep neural networks have achieved great success in sentiment classification for English, thanks in part to the availability of copious annotated resources. Unfortunately, most other languages do not enjoy such an abundance of annotated data for sentiment analysis. To tackle this problem, we propose the Adversarial Deep Averaging Network (ADAN) to transfer sentiment knowledge learned from labeled English data to low-resource languages where only unlabeled data exists. ADAN is a ""Y-shaped"" network with two discriminative branches: a sentiment classifier and an adversarial language identification scorer. Both branches take input from a shared feature extractor that aims to learn hidden representations that capture the underlying sentiment of the text and are invariant across languages. Experiments on Chinese and Arabic sentiment classification demonstrate that ADAN significantly outperforms several baselines, including a strong pipeline approach that relies on state-of-the-art Machine Translation."	2016	5
Enhanced Twitter Sentiment Classification Using Contextual Information	The rise in popularity and ubiquity of Twitter has made sentiment analysis of tweets an important and well-covered area of research. However, the 140 character limit imposed on tweets makes it hard to use standard linguistic methods for sentiment classification. On the other hand, what tweets lack in structure they make up with sheer volume and rich metadata. This metadata includes geolocation, temporal and author information. We hypothesize that sentiment is dependent on all these contextual factors. Different locations, times and authors have different emotional valences. In this paper, we explored this hypothesis by utilizing distant supervision to collect millions of labelled tweets from different locations, times and authors. We used this data to analyse the variation of tweet sentiments across different authors, times and locations. Once we explored and understood the relationship between these variables and sentiment, we used a Bayesian approach to combine these variables with more standard linguistic features such as n-grams to create a Twitter sentiment classifier. This combined classifier outperforms the purely linguistic classifier, showing that integrating the rich contextual information available on Twitter into sentiment classification is a promising direction of research.	2015	3.6666666667
Sentiment Classification on Polarity Reviews: An Empirical Study Using Rating-based Features	We present a new feature type named rating-based feature and evaluate the contribution of this feature to the task of document-level sentiment analysis. We achieve state-of-the-art results on two publicly available standard polarity movie datasets: on the dataset consisting of 2000 reviews produced by Pang and Lee (2004) we obtain an accuracy of 91.6% while it is 89.87% evaluated on the dataset of 50000 reviews created by Maas et al. (2011). We also get a performance at 93.24% on our own dataset consisting of 233600 movie reviews, and we aim to share this dataset for further research in sentiment polarity analysis task.	2014	2.75
Personalized sentiment classification based on latent individuality of microblog users	Sentiment expression in microblog posts often reflects user's specific individuality due to different language habit, personal character, opinion bias and so on. Existing sentiment classification algorithms largely ignore such latent personal distinctions among different microblog users. Meanwhile, sentiment data of microblogs are sparse for individual users, making it infeasible to learn effective personalized classifier. In this paper, we propose a novel, extensible personalized sentiment classification method based on a variant of latent factor model to capture personal sentiment variations by mapping users and posts into a low-dimensional factor space. We alleviate the sparsity of personal texts by decomposing the posts into words which are further represented by the weighted sentiment and topic units based on a set of syntactic units of words obtained from dependency parsing results. To strengthen the representation of users, we leverage users following relation to consolidate the individuality of a user fused from other users with similar interests. Results on real-world microblog datasets confirm that our method outperforms state-of-the-art baseline algorithms with large margins.	2015	3.6666666667
Improving Twitter sentiment classification using topic-enriched multi-prototype word embeddings	It has been shown that learning distributed word representations is highly useful for Twitter sentiment classification.Most existing models rely on a single distributed representation for each word.This is problematic for sentiment classification because words are often polysemous and each word can contain different sentiment polarities under different topics.We address this issue by learning topic-enriched multi-prototype word embeddings (TMWE).In particular, we develop two neural networks which 1) learn word embeddings that better capture tweet context by incorporating topic information, and 2) learn topic-enriched multiple prototype embeddings for each word.Experiments on Twitter sentiment benchmark datasets in SemEval 2013 show that TMWE outperforms the top system with hand-crafted features, and the current best neural network model.	2016	4
Detecting Adverse Drug Reactions Using a Sentiment Classification Framework	Medical blogs and forums are a source of sentimentoriented content that is used in diverse applicationsincluding post-marketing drug surveillance, competitive intelligence and the assessment of health-relatedopinions and sentiments for detecting adverse drugreactions. However applying existing tools for sentiment analysis to health-related data-sets provides inadequate classification accuracy. These methodsemploy less useful features sets and therefore lackdiscriminatory potential. In this study we proposea framework that uses feature set ensembles withnovel feature representations that reduce sparsity byadding representational richness. Our framework ex-tracts important semantic, sentiment, and affect cues,that are better able to reflect the experiences of people when they discuss adverse drug reactions as well as the severity and the emotional impact of their experiences. Experiments conducted on a test bed ofhealth-2.0 data-sets, demonstrate improved classification accuracy in comparison to existing techniques.Furthermore, the proposed framework is able to detect adverse drug events earlier, and with higher re-call than comparison methods, thereby demonstrating its utility for social media based post-marketing drug surveillance.	2014	2.75
POS-RS: A Random Subspace method for sentiment classification based on part-of-speech analysis	With the rise of Web 2.0 platforms, personal opinions, such as reviews, ratings, recommendations, and other forms of user-generated content, have fueled interest in sentiment classification in both academia and industry. In order to enhance the performance of sentiment classification, ensemble methods have been investigated by previous research and proven to be effective theoretically and empirically. We advance this line of research by proposing an enhanced Random Subspace method, POS-RS, for sentiment classification based on part-of-speech analysis. Unlike existing Random Subspace methods using a single subspace rate to control the diversity of base learners, POS-RS employs two important parameters, i.e. content lexicon subspace rate and function lexicon subspace rate, to control the balance between the accuracy and diversity of base learners. Ten publicly available sentiment datasets were investigated to verify the effectiveness of proposed method. Empirical results reveal that POS-RS achieves the best performance through reducing bias and variance simultaneously compared to the base learner, i.e., Support Vector Machine. These results illustrate that POS-RS can be used as a viable method for sentiment classification and has the potential of being successfully applied to other text classification problems.	2015	3.6666666667
Bi-view semi-supervised active learning for cross-lingual sentiment classification	Recently, sentiment classification has received considerable attention within the natural language processing research community. However, since most recent works regarding sentiment classification have been done in the English language, there are accordingly not enough sentiment resources in other languages. Manual construction of reliable sentiment resources is a very difficult and time-consuming task. Cross-lingual sentiment classification aims to utilize annotated sentiment resources in one language (typically English) for sentiment classification of text documents in another language. Most existing research works rely on automatic machine translation services to directly project information from one language to another. However, different term distribution between original and translated text documents and translation errors are two main problems faced in the case of using only machine translation. To overcome these problems, we propose a novel learning model based on active learning and semi-supervised co-training to incorporate unlabelled data from the target language into the learning process in a bi-view framework. This model attempts to enrich training data by adding the most confident automatically-labelled examples, as well as a few of the most informative manually-labelled examples from unlabelled data in an iterative process. Further, in this model, we consider the density of unlabelled data so as to select more representative unlabelled examples in order to avoid outlier selection in active learning. The proposed model was applied to book review datasets in three different languages. Experiments showed that our model can effectively improve the cross-lingual sentiment classification performance and reduce labelling efforts in comparison with some baseline methods.	2014	2.75
Bi-view semi-supervised active learning for cross-lingual sentiment classification	Recently, sentiment classification has received considerable attention within the natural language processing research community. However, since most recent works regarding sentiment classification have been done in the English language, there are accordingly not enough sentiment resources in other languages. Manual construction of reliable sentiment resources is a very difficult and time-consuming task. Cross-lingual sentiment classification aims to utilize annotated sentiment resources in one language (typically English) for sentiment classification of text documents in another language. Most existing research works rely on automatic machine translation services to directly project information from one language to another. However, different term distribution between original and	2014	2.5
Learning Bilingual Sentiment Word Embeddings for Cross-language Sentiment Classification	ABSTRACT  The sentiment classification performance relies on high-quality sentiment resources. However, these resources are imbalanced in different languages. Cross-language sentiment classification (CLSC) can leverage the rich resources in one language (source language) for sentiment classification in a resource-scarce language (target language). Bilingual embeddings could eliminate the semantic gap between two languages for CLSC, but ignore the sentiment information of text. This paper proposes an approach to learning bilingual sentiment word embeddings (BSWE) for English-Chinese CLSC. The proposed B-SWE incorporate sentiment information of text into bilingual embeddings. Furthermore , we can learn high-quality BSWE by simply employing labeled corpora and their translations, without relying on large-scale parallel corpora. Experiments on NLP&CC 2013 CLSC dataset show that our approach outperforms the state-of-the-art systems.	2015	3
Aspect Level Sentiment Classification with Deep Memory Network	We introduce a deep memory network for aspect level sentiment classification. Unlike feature-based SVM and sequential neural models such as LSTM, this approach explicitly captures the importance of each context word when inferring the sentiment polarity of an aspect. Such importance degree and text representation are calculated with multiple computational layers, each of which is a neural attention model over an external memory. Experiments on laptop and restaurant datasets demonstrate that our approach performs comparable to state-of-art feature based SVM system, and substantially better than LSTM and attention-based LSTM architectures. On both datasets we show that multiple computational layers could improve the performance. Moreover, our approach is also fast. The deep memory network with 9 layers is 15 times faster than LSTM with a CPU implementation.	2016	3.5
Different Feature selection for Sentiment Classification	Sentiment Analysis (SA) research has increased tremendously in recent times .Sentiment analysis means to extract opinion of users from review documents. Sentiment classification using Machine learning (ML ) methods faces the problem of high dimensionality of feature vector. Therefore, a feature selection method is required to eliminate the irrelevant and noisy features from the feature vector for efficient working of ML algorithms Rough set theory provides an important concept for feature reduction called reduct. The cost of reduct set computation is highly influenced by the attribute size of the dataset where the problem of finding reducts has been proven as NP- hard problems.Different feature selection are applied on different data set, Experimental results show that mRMR is better compared to IG for sentiment classification, Hybrid feature selection method based on the RST and Information Gain (IG) is better compared to the previous methods. Proposed methods are evaluated on four standard datasets viz. Movie review, Product (book, DVD, and electronics) reviewed datasets, and Experimental results show that hybrid feature selection method outperforms than feature selection methods for sentimental classification.	2014	2.25
A Hybrid Approach for Sentiment Classification of Egyptian Dialect Tweets	Sentiment analysis has recently become one of the growing areas of research related to text mining and natural language processing. The main task of sentiment classification is to classify a sentence (i.e. tweet, review, blog, comment, news, etc.) as holding an overall positive, negative or neutral sentiment. Most of the current studies related to this topic focus mainly on English texts with very limited resources available for other languages like Arabic, especially for the Egyptian dialect. In this research work, we would like to improve the performance measures of Egyptian dialect sentence-level sentiment analysis by proposing a hybrid approach which combines both the machine learning approach using support vector machines and the semantic orientation approach. Two methodologies were proposed, one for each approach, which were then joined, creating the hybrid proposed approach. The results obtained show significant improvements in terms of the accuracy, precision, recall and F-measure, indicating that our proposed hybrid approach is effective in sentence-level sentiment classification. Also, the results are very promising which encourages continuing in this line of research.	2015	2.6666666667
An Ensemble Sentiment Classification System of Twitter Data for Airline Services Analysis	In airline service industry, it is difficult to collect data about customers' feedback by questionnaires, but Twitter provides a sound data source for them to do customer sentiment analysis. However, little research has been done in the domain of Twitter sentiment classification about airline services. In this paper, an ensemble sentiment classification strategy was applied based on Majority Vote principle of multiple classification methods, including Naive Bayes, SVM, Bayesian Network, C4.5 Decision Tree and Random Forest algorithms. In our experiments, six individual classification approaches, and the proposed ensemble approach were all trained and tested using the same dataset of 12864 tweets, in which 10 fold evaluation is used to validate the classifiers. The results show that the proposed ensemble approach outperforms these individual classifiers in this airline service Twitter dataset. Based on our observations, the ensemble approach could improve the overall accuracy in twitter sentiment classification for other services as well.	2016	3.5
An Empirical Study on Sentiment Classification of Chinese Review using Word Embedding	In this article, how word embeddings can be used as features in Chinese sentiment classification is presented. Firstly, a Chinese opinion corpus is built with a million comments from hotel review websites. Then the word embeddings which represent each comment are used as input in different machine learning methods for sentiment classification, including SVM, Logistic Regression, Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) and ensemble methods. These methods get better performance compared with N-gram models using Naive Bayes (NB) and Maximum Entropy (ME). Finally, a combination of machine learning methods is proposed which presents an outstanding performance in precision, recall and F1 score. After selecting the most useful methods to construct the combinational model and testing over the corpus, the final F1 score is 0.920.	2015	3
Impact of Feature Selection Techniques for Tweet Sentiment Classification	Sentiment analysis of tweets is a powerful application of mining social media sites that can be used for a variety of social sensing tasks. Common feature engineering techniques frequently result in a large numbers of features being generated to represent tweets. Many of these features may degrade classifier performance and increasing computational cost. Feature selection techniques can be used to select an optimal subset of features, reducing the computational cost of training a classifier, and potentially improving classification performance. Despite its benefits, feature selection has received little attention within the tweet sentiment domain. We study the impact of ten filter-based feature selection techniques on classification performance, using ten feature subset sizes and four different learners. Our experimental results demonstrate that feature selection can significantly improve classification performance in comparison to not using feature selection. Additionally, both choice of ranker and feature subset size significantly impact classifier performance. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first work which extensively studies feature selections effect on tweet sentiment classification.	2015	2.6666666667
Machine Learning and Lexicon based Methods for Sentiment Classification: A Survey	Sentiment classification is an important subject in text mining research, which concerns the application of automatic methods for predicting the orientation of sentiment present on text documents, with many applications on a number of areas including recommender and advertising systems, customer intelligence and information retrieval. In this paper, we provide a survey and comparative study of existing techniques for opinion mining including machine learning and lexicon-based approaches, together with evaluation metrics. Also cross-domain and cross-lingual approaches are explored. Experimental results show that supervised machine learning methods, such as SVM and naive Bayes, have higher precision, while lexicon-based methods are also very competitive because they require few effort in human-labeled document and isn't sensitive to the quantity and quality of the training dataset.	2015	3
Simpler is better? Lexicon-based ensemble sentiment classification beats supervised methods	It has been shown in this paper that simplistic Bag of Words (BoW) lexicon methods for sentiment polarity assignment with ensemble classifiers are much faster than a supervised approach to sentiment classification while yielding similar accuracy. BoW methods also proved to be efficient and fast across all examined datasets. Moreover, a new approach to lexicon extraction that can be successfully used for sentiment polarity assignment is presented in the paper. It has been shown that accuracy obtained from such lexicons outperforms other lexicon based approaches.	2014	2.25
A comparative analysis of opinion mining and sentiment classification in non-english languages	In the past decade many opinion mining and sentiment classification studies have been carried out for opinions in English. However, the amount of work done for non-English text opinions is very limited. In this review, we investigate opinion mining and sentiment classification studies in three non-English languages to find the classification methods and the efficiency of each algorithm used in these methods. It is found that most of the research conducted for non-English has followed the methods used in the English language with only limited usage of language specific properties, such as morphological variations. The application domains seem to be restricted to particular fields and significantly less research has been conducted in cross domains.	2014	2.25
A Fuzzy Logic Based Sentiment Classification	Sentiment classification aims to detect information such as opinions, explicit , implicit feelings expressed in text. The most existing approaches are able to detect either explicit expressions or implicit expressions of sentiments in the text separately. In this proposed framework it will detect both Implicit and Explicit expressions available in the meeting transcripts. It will classify the Positive, Negative, Neutral words and also identify the topic of the particular meeting transcripts by using fuzzy logic. This paper aims to add some additional features for improving the classification method. The quality of the sentiment classification is improved using proposed fuzzy logic framework .In this fuzzy logic it includes the features like Fuzzy rules and Fuzzy C-means algorithm.The quality of the output is evaluated using the parameters such as precision, recall, f-measure. Here Fuzzy C-means Clustering technique measured in terms of Purity and Entropy. The data set was validated using 10-fold cross validation method and observed 95% confidence interval between the accuracy values .Finally, the proposed fuzzy logic method produced more than 85 % accurate results and error rate is very less compared to existing sentiment classification techniques.	2014	2
Collaborative Multi-domain Sentiment Classification	Sentiment classification is a hot research topic in both industrial and academic fields. The mainstream sentiment classification methods are based on machine learning and treat sentiment classification as a text classification problem. However, sentiment classification is widely recognized as a highly domain-dependent task. The sentiment classifier trained in one domain may not perform well in another domain. A simple solution to this problem is training a domain-specific sentiment classifier for each domain. However, it is difficult to label enough data for every domain since they are in a large quantity. In addition, this method omits the sentiment information in other domains. In this paper, we propose to train sentiment classifiers for multiple domains in a collaborative way based on multi-task learning. Specifically, we decompose the sentiment classifier in each domain into two components, a general one and a domain-specific one. The general sentiment classifier can capture the global sentiment information and is trained across various domains to obtain better generalization ability. The domain-specific sentiment classifier is trained using the labeled data in one domain to capture the domain-specific sentiment information. In addition, we explore two kinds of relations between domains, one based on textual content and the other one based on sentiment word distribution. We build a domain similarity graph using domain relations and encode it into our approach as regularization over the domain-specific sentiment classifiers. Besides, we incorporate the sentiment knowledge extracted from sentiment lexicons to help train the general sentiment classifier more accurately. Moreover, we introduce an accelerated optimization algorithm to train the sentiment classifiers efficiently. Experimental results on two benchmark sentiment datasets show that our method can outperform baseline methods significantly and consistently.	2016	3
Chinese sentiment classification using a neural network tool — Word2vec	Sentiment classification is the main and popular task in the field of sentiment analysis. Most of the existing researches focus on how to extract the effective features, such as lexical features and syntactic features, while limited work has been done on the extraction of semantic features, which can make more contributions to sentiment classification. This paper presents a method for sentiment classification based on word2vec. Word2vec is a tool, which establishes the neural network models to learn the vector representations of words in the high dimensional vector space. So it can extract the deep semantic relationships between words. In this paper, firstly, we cluster the similar features together using word2vec. And then we use word2vec again to learn the word representations as candidate feature vectors. After feature selection, the SVMperf package is adopted to train and classify the comment texts. To conduct the experiments, we collect a large number of Chinese comments on clothing products as data set. The experimental results show that the accuracy of sentiment classification is over 90 percent, which proves the effectiveness of proposed method for Chinese sentiment classification.	2014	2
An Ensemble Sentiment Classification System of Twitter Data for Airline Services Analysis	In airline service industry, it is difficult to collect data about customers' feedback by questionnaires, but Twitter provides a sound data source for them to do customer sentiment analysis. However, little research has been done in the domain of Twitter sentiment classification about airline services. In this paper, an ensemble sentiment classification strategy was applied based on Majority Vote principle of multiple classification methods, including Naive Bayes, SVM, Bayesian Network, C4.5 Decision Tree and Random Forest algorithms. In our experiments, six individual classification approaches, and the proposed ensemble approach were all trained and tested using the same dataset of 12864 tweets, in which 10 fold evaluation is used to validate the classifiers. The results show that the proposed ensemble approach outperforms these individual classifiers in this airline service Twitter dataset. Based on our observations, the ensemble approach could improve the overall accuracy in twitter sentiment classification for other services as well.	2015	2.3333333333
Sentiment Classification in Under-Resourced Languages Using Graph-Based Semi-Supervised Learning Methods	In sentiment classification, conventional supervised approaches heavily rely on a large amount of linguistic resources, which are costly to obtain for under-resourced languages. To overcome this scarce resource problem, there exist several methods that exploit graph-based semi-supervised learning (SSL). However, fundamental issues such as controlling label propagation, choosing the initial seeds, selecting edges have barely been studied. Our evaluation on three real datasets demonstrates that manipulating the label propagating behavior and choosing labeled seeds appropriately play a critical role in adopting graph-based SSL approaches for this task.	2014	1.75
Enhancing Machine-Learning Methods for Sentiment Classification of Web Data	With advances in Web technologies, more and more people are turning to popular social media platforms such as Twitter to express their feelings and opinions on a variety of topics and current issues online. Sentiment analysis of Web data is becoming a fast and effective way of evaluating public opinion and sentiment for use in marketing and social behavioral studies. This research investigates the enhancement techniques in machine-learning methods for sentiment classification of Web data. Feature selection, negation dealing, and emoticon handling are studied in this paper for their ability to improve the performance of machine-learning methods. The range of enhancement techniques is tested using different text data sets, such as tweets and movie reviews. The results show that different enhancement methods can improve classification efficacy and accuracy differently.	2014	1.75
Cross-lingual sentiment classification using multiple source languages in multi-view semi-supervised learning	Cross-lingual sentiment classification aims to utilize annotated sentiment resources in one language (typically English) for sentiment classification of text documents in another language. Most existing research works rely on automatic machine translation services to directly project information from one language to another. However, due to the existence of differing linguistic terms and writing styles between different languages, translated data cannot cover all vocabularies which exist in the original data. Further, different term distribution between translated data and original data can lead to low performance in cross-lingual sentiment classification. To overcome these problems, we propose a new model which uses labelled data from multiple source languages in a multi-view semi-supervised learning approach so as to incorporate unlabelled data from the target language into the learning process. The proposed model was applied to book review datasets in four different languages. Experiments have shown that our model can effectively improve the cross-lingual sentiment classification performance in comparison with some baseline methods.	2014	2
A comparative performance evaluation of neural network based approach for sentiment classification of online reviews	The aim of sentiment classification is to efficiently identify the emotions expressed in the form of text messages. Machine learning methods for sentiment classification have been extensively studied, due to their predominant classification performance. Recent studies suggest that ensemble based machine learning methods provide better performance in classification. Artificial neural networks (ANNs) are rarely being investigated in the literature of sentiment classification. This paper compares neural network based sentiment classification methods (back propagation neural network (BPN), probabilistic neural network (PNN) & homogeneous ensemble of PNN (HEN)) using varying levels of word granularity as features for feature level sentiment classification. They are validated using a dataset of product reviews collected from the Amazon reviews website. An empirical analysis is done to compare results of ANN based methods with two statistical individual methods. The methods are evaluated using five different quality measures and results show that the homogeneous ensemble of the neural network method provides better performance. Among the two neural network approaches used, probabilistic neural networks (PNNs) outperform in classifying the sentiment of the product reviews. The integration of neural network based sentiment classification methods with principal component analysis (PCA) as a feature reduction technique provides superior performance in terms of training time also.	2016	3
A sentiment classification model based on multiple classifiers	With the widespread usage of social networks, forums and blogs, customer reviews emerged as a critical factor for the customers鈥 purchase decisions. Since the beginning of 2000s, researchers started to focus on these reviews to automatically categorize them into polarity levels such as positive, negative, and neutral. This research problem is known as sentiment classification. The objective of this study is to investigate the potential benefit of multiple classifier systems concept on Turkish sentiment classification problem and propose a novel classification technique. Vote algorithm has been used in conjunction with three classifiers, namely Naive Bayes, Support Vector Machine (SVM), and Bagging. Parameters of the SVM have been optimized when it was used as an individual classifier. Experimental results showed that multiple classifier systems increase the performance of individual classifiers on Turkish sentiment classification datasets and meta classifiers contribute to the power of these multiple classifier systems. The proposed approach achieved better performance than Naive Bayes, which was reported the best individual classifier for these datasets, and Support Vector Machines. Multiple classifier systems (MCS) is a good approach for sentiment classification, and parameter optimization of individual classifiers must be taken into account while developing MCS-based prediction systems.	2017	5
Sentiment classification technology based on Markov logic networks	With diverse online media emerging, there is a growing concern of sentiment classification problem. At present, text sentiment classification mainly utilizes supervised machine learning methods, which feature certain domain dependency. On the basis of Markov logic networks (MLNs), this study proposed a cross-domain multi-task text sentiment classification method rooted in transfer learning. Through many-to-one knowledge transfer, labeled text sentiment classification, knowledge was successfully transferred into other domains, and the precision of the sentiment classification analysis in the text tendency domain was improved. The experimental results revealed the following: (1) the model based on a MLN demonstrated higher precision than the single individual learning plan model. (2) Multi-task transfer learning based on Markov logical networks could acquire more knowledge than self-domain learning. The cross-domain text sentiment classification model could significantly improve the precision and efficiency of text sentiment classification.	2016	2.5
Polarity shifting for Romanian sentiment classification	There are three main classes of modifiers that can affect the polarity of the sentiments described in natural language texts: negations, intensifiers and diminishers. In this paper, we concentrate on the study of these particular words which have a very important semantic role in any natural language description. Our study is applied on a real data set extracted from the popular Romanian Web site AmFostAcolo dedicated to tourist impressions.	2016	2.5
TwiSE at SemEval-2016 Task 4: Twitter Sentiment Classification	"Abstract This paper describes the participation of the team ""TwiSE"" in the SemEval 2016 challenge. Specifically, we participated in Task 4, namely ""Sentiment Analysis in Twitter"" for which we implemented sentiment classification systems for subtasks A, B, C and D. Our approach consists of two steps. In the first step, we generate and validate diverse feature sets for twitter sentiment evaluation, inspired by the work of participants of previous editions of such challenges. In the second step, we focus on the optimization of the evaluation measures of the different subtasks. To this end, we examine different learning strategies by validating them on the data provided by the task organisers. For our final submissions we used an ensemble learning approach (stacked generalization) for Subtask A and single linear models for the rest of the subtasks."	2016	2.5
Enhancing Machine-Learning Methods for Sentiment Classification of Web Data	With advances in Web technologies, more and more people are turning to popular social media platforms such as Twitter to express their feelings and opinions on a variety of topics and current issues online. Sentiment analysis of Web data is becoming a fast and effective way of evaluating public opinion and sentiment for use in marketing and social behavioral studies. This research investigates the enhancement techniques in machine-learning methods for sentiment classification of Web data. Feature selection, negation dealing, and emoticon handling are studied in this paper for their ability to improve the performance of machine-learning methods. The range of enhancement techniques is tested using different text data sets, such as tweets and movie reviews. The results show that different enhancement methods can improve classification efficacy and accuracy differently.	2014	1.75
Hybrid Deep Belief Networks for Semi-supervised Sentiment Classification	In this paper, we develop a novel semi-supervised learning algorithm called hybrid deep be- lief networks (HDBN), to address the semi-supervised sentiment classification problem with deep learning. First, we construct the previous several hidden layers using restricted Boltzmann machines (RBM), which can reduce the dimension and abstract the information of the reviews quickly. Second, we construct the following hidden layers using convolutional restricted Boltz- mann machines (CRBM), which can abstract the information of reviews effectively. Third, the constructed deep architecture is fine-tuned by gradient-descent based supervised learning with an exponential loss function. We did several experiments on five sentiment classification datasets, and show that HDBN is competitive with previous semi-supervised learning algorithm. Ex- periments are also conducted to verify the effectiveness of our proposed method with different number of unlabeled reviews.	2014	1.75
Study on feature selection and machine learning algorithms for Malay sentiment classification	Online social media is used to show the sentiments of different individuals about various subjects. Sentiment analysis or opinion mining has recently been considered as one of the highly dynamic research fields in natural language processing, Web mining, and machine learning. There has been a very limited amount of research that focuses on sentiment analysis in the Malay language. This study investigates how feature selection methods contribute to the improvement of Malay sentiment classification performance. Three supervised machine-learning classifiers and seven feature selection methods are used to conduct a series of experiments for the effective selection of the appropriate methods for the automatic sentiment classification of online Malay-written reviews. Findings show that the classifications of Malay sentiment improve using feature selections approaches. This work demonstrates that all feature reduction methods generally improve classifier performance. Support Vector Machine (SVM) approach provide the highest accuracy performance of features selection in order to classify Malay sentiment comparing with other classifications approaches such as PCA and CHI square. SVM records 87% as experimental accuracy result of feature selection.	2015	2
Combination of Multi-view Multi-source Language Classifiers for Cross-Lingual Sentiment Classification	Cross-lingual sentiment classification aims to conduct sentiment classification in a target language using labeled sentiment data in a source language. Most existing research works rely on machine translation to directly project information from one language to another. But cross-lingual classifiers always cannot learn all characteristics of target language data by using only translated data from one language. In this paper, we propose a new learning model that uses labeled sentiment data from more than one language to compensate some of the limitations of resource translation. In this model, we first create different views of sentiment data via machine translation, then train individual classifiers in every view and finally combine the classifiers for final decision. We have applied this model to the sentiment classification datasets in three different languages using different combination methods. The results show that the combination methods improve the performances obtained separately by each individual classifier.	2014	1.75
Sentiment classification of online political discussions	Online political discussions have received a lot of attention over the past years. In this paper we compare two sentiment lexicon approaches to classify the sentiment of sentences from political discussions. The first approach is based on applying the number of words between the target and the sentiment words to weight the sentence sentiment score. The second approach is based on using the shortest paths between target and sentiment words in a dependency graph and linguistically motivated syntactic patterns expressed as dependency paths. The methods are tested on a corpus of sentences from online Norwegian political discussions. The results show that the method based on dependency graphs performs significantly better than the word-based approach.	2014	1.5
Sentiment classification using Enhanced Contextual Valence Shifters	We have explored different methods of improving the accuracy of sentiment classification. The sentiment orientation of a document can be positive (+), negative (-), or neutral (0). We combine five dictionaries from [2, 3, 4, 5, 6] into the new one with 21137 entries. The new dictionary has many verbs, adverbs, phrases and idioms, that are not in five ones before. The paper shows that our proposed method based on the combination of Term-Counting method and Enhanced Contextual Valence Shifters method has improved the accuracy of sentiment classification. The combined method has accuracy 68.984% on the testing dataset, and 69.224% on the training dataset. All of these methods are implemented to classify the reviews based on our new dictionary and the Internet Movie data set.	2014	1.5
Twitter sentiment classification for measuring public health concerns	An important task of public health officials is to keep track of health issues, such as spreading epidemics. In this paper, we are addressing the issue of spreading public concernabout epidemics.	2015	2
Semantic orientation approach for sentiment classification	Opinions are the fundamental aspect to almost all decision making activities. The increased usage of internet and the exchange of user opinions through social media and public forums on the web has become the motivation for sentiment analysis. Due to the infinite amount of user opinions available throughout the web it is necessary to automatically analyze and classify sentiment expressed in opinions. The basic task of sentiment analysis or opinion mining is sentiment classification which classifies the content as positive, negative and irrelevant. This paper discusses an approach where an exposed stream of tweets from the Twitter micro blogging site are preprocessed and classified based on their sentiments. In sentiment classification system the concept of opinion subjectivity has been accounted. In this paper, we present opinion detection and organization subsystem, which have already been integrated into our larger question-answering system. The subjectivity classification system uses Genetic-Based Machine Learning (GBML) technique that considers subjectivity as a semantic problem. The classification of a review is predicted through the average semantic orientation of the phrases in the review that contain adjectives or adverbs. Experimental results of the proposed techniques are efficient and generate eminent evaluations.	2014	1.5
SentiTFIDF – Sentiment Classification using Relative Term Frequency Inverse Document Frequency	Sentiment Classification refers to the computational techniques for classifying whether the sentiments of text are positive or negative. Statistical Techniques based on Term Presence and Term Frequency, using Support Vector Machine are popularly used for Sentiment Classification. This paper presents an approach for classifying a term as positive or negative based on its proportional frequency count distribution and proportional presence count distribution across positively tagged documents in comparison with negatively tagged documents. Our approach is based on term weighting techniques that are used for information retrieval and sentiment classification. It differs significantly from these traditional methods due to our model of logarithmic differential term frequency and term presence distribution for sentiment classification. Terms with nearly equal distribution in positively tagged documents and negatively tagged documents were classified as a Senti-stop-word and discarded. The proportional distribution of a term to be classified as Senti-stop-word was determined experimentally. We evaluated the SentiTFIDF model by comparing it with state of art techniques for sentiment classification using the movie dataset.	2014	1.5
Density Based Active Self-training for Cross-Lingual Sentiment Classification	Cross-lingual sentiment classification aims to utilize annotated sentiment resources in one language (typically English) for sentiment classification in another language. Most existing research works rely on automatic machine translation services to directly project information from one language to another. However, since machine translation quality is still far from satisfactory and also term distribution across languages may be dissimilar, these techniques cannot reach the performance of monolingual approaches. To overcome these limitations, we propose a novel learning model based on active learning and self-training to incorporate unlabeled data from the target language into the learning process. Further, in this model, we consider the density of unlabeled data to avoid outlier selection in active learning. The proposed model was applied to book review datasets in two different languages. Experiments showed that the proposed model could effectively reduce labeling efforts in comparison with some baseline methods.	2014	1.5
Using unsupervised information to improve semi-supervised tweet sentiment classification	Supervised algorithms require a set of representative labeled data for building classification models. However, labeled data are usually difficult and expensive to obtain, which motivates the interest in semi-supervised learning. This type of learning uses both labeled and unlabeled data in the training process and is particularly useful in applications such as tweet sentiment analysis, where a large amount of unlabeled data is available. Semi-supervised learning for tweet sentiment analysis, although quite appealing, is relatively new. We propose a semi-supervised learning framework that combines unsupervised information, captured from a similarity matrix constructed from unlabeled data, with a classifier. Our motivation is that such a similarity matrix is a powerful knowledge-discovery tool that can help classify unlabeled tweet sets. Our framework makes use of the well-known self-training algorithm to induce a better tweet sentiment classifier. Experimental results in real-world datasets demonstrate that the proposed framework can improve the accuracy of tweet sentiment analysis.	2016	2
Cached Long Short-Term Memory Neural Networks for Document-Level Sentiment Classification	Abstract:  Recently, neural networks have achieved great success on sentiment classification due to their ability to alleviate feature engineering. However, one of the remaining challenges is to model long texts in document-level sentiment classification under a recurrent architecture because of the deficiency of the memory unit. To address this problem, we present a Cached Long Short-Term Memory neural networks (CLSTM) to capture the overall semantic information in long texts. CLSTM introduces a cache mechanism, which divides memory into several groups with different forgetting rates and thus enables the network to keep sentiment information better within a recurrent unit. The proposed CLSTM outperforms the state-of-the-art models on three publicly available document-level sentiment analysis datasets.	2016	2
Combination of Multi-view Multi-source Language Classifiers for Cross-Lingual Sentiment Classification	Cross-lingual sentiment classification aims to conduct sentiment classification in a target language using labeled sentiment data in a source language. Most existing research works rely on machine translation to directly project information from one language to another. But cross-lingual classifiers always cannot learn all characteristics of target language data by using only translated data from one language. In this paper, we propose a new learning model that uses labeled sentiment data from more than one language to compensate some of the limitations of resource translation. In this model, we first create different views of sentiment data via machine translation, then train individual classifiers in every view and finally combine the classifiers for final decision. We have applied this model to the sentiment classification datasets in three different languages using different combination methods. The results show that the combination methods improve the performances obtained separately by each individual classifier.	2014	1.5
UNIMELB at SemEval-2016 Tasks 4A and 4B: An Ensemble of Neural Networks and a Word2Vec Based Model for Sentiment Classification	This paper describes a support vector machine-based approach to different tasks related to sentiment analysis in Twitter for Spanish. We focus on parameter optimization of the models and the combination of several models by means of voting techniques. We evaluate the proposed approach in all the tasks that were defined in the five editions of the TASS workshop, between 2012 and 2016. 	2016	2
Sentiment Classification based on Latent Dirichlet Allocation	Opinion miningrefers to the use of natural language processing, text analysis and computational linguistics to identify and extract the subjective information. Opinion Mining has become an indispensible part of online reviews which is in the present scenario. In the field of information retrieval, a various kinds of probabilistic topic modeling techniques have been used to analyze contents present in a document. A topic model is a generative technique for document. All topic models share the idea that documents are having mixture of topics, and the topic is a probability distribution over words. Recently topic modeling techniques have been used to identify the meaningful review aspects, but existing topic models like Latent Dirichlet Markov Allocation (LDMA), hierarchical aspect sentiment model (HASM) do not identify aspect specific opinion words and also not suitable for shared features. In the proposed system, movie review dataset is collected from the IMDB database and is preprocessed. TF-IDF is calculated for the preprocessed data and result is given to LDA model which is then used to discover both the aspects and aspect specific opinion words. After that CHI value has been determined, SVM classifier is used to classify the topics preferable to each and every document.	2015	1.6666666667
Sentiment classification techniques for Arabic language: A survey	With the advent of online data, sentiment analysis has received growing attention in recent years. Sentiment analysis aims to determine the overall sentiment orientation of a speaker or writer towards a specific entity or towards a specific feature of a specific entity. A fundamental task of sentiment analysis is sentiment classification, which aims to automatically classify opinionated text as being positive, negative, or neutral. Although the literature on sentiment classification is quite extensive, only a few endeavors to classify opinionated text written in the Arabic language can be found. This paper provides a comprehensive survey of existing lexicon, machine learning, and hybrid sentiment classification techniques for Arabic language.	2016	2
Structured microblog sentiment classification via social context regularization	Microblog sentiment analysis is a fundamental problem for many interesting applications. Existing microblog sentiment classification methods judge the sentiment polarity mainly according to textual content. However, since microblog messages are very short and noisy, and their sentiment polarities are often ambiguous and context-dependent, the accuracy of microblog sentiment classification is usually unsatisfactory. Fortunately, microblog messages lie in social media and contain rich social contexts. The social context information often implies sentiment connections between microblog messages. For example, a microblogging user usually expresses the same sentiment when posting multiple messages towards the same topic. Motivated by these observations, in this paper we propose a structured microblog sentiment classification (SMSC) framework. Our framework can combine social context information with textual content information to improve microblog sentiment classification accuracy. Two kinds of social contexts are used in our framework, i.e., social connections between microblog messages brought by the same author and social connections brought by social relations between users. In our framework, social context information is formulated as the graph structure over the sentiments of microblog messages. The objective function of our framework is a tradeoff between the agreement with content-based sentiment predictions and the consistency with social contexts. An efficient optimization algorithm is introduced to solve our framework. Experimental results on two Twitter sentiment analysis benchmark datasets indicate that our method can outperform baseline methods consistently and significantly.	2016	2
Sentiment classification of online political discussions: a comparison of a word-based and dependency-based method	Online political discussions have received a lot of attention over the past years. In this paper we compare two sentiment lexicon approaches to classify the sentiment of sentences from political discussions. The first approach is based on applying the number of words between the target and the sentiment words to weight the sentence sentiment score. The second approach is based on using the shortest paths between target and sentiment words in a dependency graph and linguistically motivated syntactic patterns expressed as dependency paths. The methods are tested on a corpus of sentences from online Norwegian political discussions. The results show that the method based on dependency graphs performs significantly better than the word-based approach.	2015	1.6666666667
Extreme Learning Machine for Multi-class Sentiment Classification of Tweets	The increasing popularity of social media in recent years has created new opportunities to study and evaluate public opinions and sentiments for use in marketing and social behavioural studies. 	2016	2
Chinese microblog sentiment classification based on convolution neural network with content extension method	Related research for sentiment analysis on Chinese microblog is aiming at analyzing the emotion of posters. This paper presents a content extension method that combines post with its' comments into a microblog conversation for sentiment analysis. A new convolutional auto encoder which can extract contextual sentiment information from microblog conversation of the post is proposed. Furthermore, a DBN model, which is composed by several layers of RBM(Restricted Boltzmann Machine) stacked together, is implemented to extract some higher level feature for short text of a post. These RBM layers can encoder observed short text to learn hidden structures or semantics information for better feature representation. A ClassRBM (Classification RBM) layer, which is stacked on top of RBM layers, is adapted to achieve the final sentiment classification. The experiment results demonstrate that, with proper structure and parameter, the performance of the proposed deep learning method on sentiment classification is better than state-of-the-art surface learning models such as SVM or NB, which also proves that DBN is suitable for short-length document classification with the proposed feature dimensionality extension method.	2015	1.6666666667
Comparative analysis of effect of stopwords removal on sentiment classification	Classification refers to the computational techniques for classifying whether the sentiments of text are positive or negative. Sentiment Classification being a specialized domain of text mining is expected to benefit after preprocessing such as removing stopwords. Stopwords are frequently occurring words that hardly carry any information and orientation. In this paper the effect of stopwords removal on various sentiment classification models was analyzed. Sentiment Classification models were evaluated using the movie document dataset. Accuracy increased from unprocessed dataset to stopwords removed dataset for Traditional Sentiment Classifiers. Our classifiers had hardly any impact of stopwords removal which indicates that they handled stopwords at the time of classification itself. Our classifiers also displayed accuracy better than traditional classifier and another surveyed classifier based on term weighting technique.	2016	2
Jointly Learning Bilingual Sentiment and Semantic Representations for Cross-Language Sentiment Classification	Cross-language sentiment classification (CLSC) aims at leveraging the semantic and sentiment knowledge in a resource-abundant language (source language) for sentiment classification in a resource-scar.	2017	4
Sentiment Classification using Subjective and Objective Views	This work proposes a new semi-supervised sentiment classification method by exploiting a large number of unlabeled instances to conduct sentiment classification for Web consumer reviews. In the proposed method every consumer review has two views: subjective view and objective view. The subjective view of a consumer review reflects the opinions expressed by opinion words, while the objective view is constructed by the remaining text features. This work is trying to combine two kinds of views to carry out sentiment classification. The method is based on the co-training framework which needs three basic sentiment classifiers to iteratively get the final sentiment classifier. In the proposed method, the first sentiment classifier is constructed using the common unigram features coming from consumer reviews. The second sentiment classifier is trained on the subjective views constructed by opinion words extracted from consumer reviews. The remaining text features of these reviews are used for obtaining the objective views which can be trained for the third classifier. Experimental results show the proposed method is effective, and it has better performance than the Self-learning SVM method.	2014	1.25
Target-Dependent Sentiment Classification with Long Short Term Memory	Target-dependent sentiment classification remains a challenge: modeling the semantic relatedness of a target with its context words in a sentence. Different context words have different influences on determining the sentiment polarity of a sentence towards the target. Therefore, it is desirable to integrate the connections between target word and context words when building a learning system. In this paper, we develop two target dependent long short-term memory (LSTM) models, where target information is automatically taken into account. We evaluate our methods on a benchmark dataset from Twitter. Empirical results show that modeling sentence representation with standard LSTM does not perform well. Incorporating target information into LSTM can significantly boost the classification accuracy. The target-dependent LSTM models achieve state-of-the-art performances without using syntactic parser or external sentiment lexicons.	2015	1.6666666667
Cross-domain sentiment classification via topical correspondence transfer	Sentiment classification aims to automatically predict sentiment polarity (e.g., positive or negative) of user generated sentiment data (e.g., reviews, blogs). In real applications, these users generated sentiment data can span so many different domains that it is difficult to manually label training data for all of them. In this article, we develop a general solution to cross-domain sentiment classification when we do not have any labeled data in a target domain but have some labeled data in a source domain. To bridge the gap between domains, we propose a novel algorithm, called topical correspondence transfer (TCT). This is achieved by learning the domain-specific information from different domains into unified topics, with the help of shared topics across all domains. In this way, the topical correspondences behind the shared topics can be used as a bridge to reduce the gap between domains. We conduct experiments on a benchmark composed of reviews of 4 types of Amazon products. Experimental results show that our proposed TCT significantly outperforms the baseline method, and achieves an accuracy which is competitive with the state-of-the-art methods for cross-domain sentiment classification.	2015	1.6666666667
Role of Emotion icons in Sentiment classification of Arabic Tweets	Abstract In recent years, there is enormous increase of data content due to emergence of social media platforms in digital word of internet. The text mining is very important technique to discover the knowledge from unstructured data. Automatic sentiment analysis is one of the important applications of text mining. The sentiment analysis is used to predict the text polarity (positive, negative, and neutral). Furthermore, the most of users using social media such as Twitter use informal language to express their opinions. In this paper, we propose an automatic approach to predict sentiments for informal Arabic language. We chose Arabic tweets as input for our study. We observed through our experiment results that although emotion icons presence in the tweets helps in development of comparatively more accurate classifier, however they play ambiguous role in defining the sentiments of tweets.	2014	1.25
Fuzzy Sentiment Membership Determining for Sentiment Classification	Traditional support vector machine treats all samples using the same weight. Therefore it is very sensitive to noisy data. While the fuzzy support vector machine assigns lower weights to the samples which make small contributions to classification, thus it is beneficial to reduce the effects of noisy and unimportant data on the classification accuracy rate. In this paper, we propose a novel fuzzy sentiment membership determining method for solving sentiment classification task. We assume that strong intensity texts make more contributions to sentiment classification, while weak intensity texts are unimportant for the classification. In order to get the fuzzy sentiment membership of review texts, this paper proposes a three-layer sentiment propagation model. Firstly, we calculate the sentiment score of texts by the interrelations of the texts, topics and words, and ensure that the absolute value of sentiment score as the fuzzy sentiment membership degree of texts. Then, we train a fuzzy support vector machine to classify the samples from the test data sets. Finally, we conduct some experiments on four English reviews data sets from Amazon shopping websites. The experimental results show that the proposed method can improve the accuracy of sentiment classification effectively.	2015	1.6666666667
Applying Three-way Decisions to Sentiment Classification with Sentiment Uncertainty	Summary: Sentiment uncertainty is a key problem of sentiment classification. In this paper, we mainly focus on two issues with sentiment uncertainty, i.e., context-dependent sentiment classification and topic-dependent sentiment classification. This is the first work that applies three-way decisions to sentiment classification from the perspective of the decision-theoretic rough set model. We discuss the relationship between sentiment classification rules and thresholds involved in three-way decisions and then prove it. The experiment results on real data sets validate that our methods are satisfactory and can achieve better performance.	2014	1.25
Applying Three-way Decisions to Sentiment Classification with Sentiment Uncertainty	Sentiment uncertainty is a key problem of sentiment classification. In this paper, we mainly focus on two issues with sentiment uncertainty, i.e., context-dependent sentiment classification and topic-dependent sentiment classification. This is the first work that applies three-way decisions to sentiment classification from the perspective of the decision-theoretic rough set model. We discuss the relationship between sentiment classification rules and thresholds involved in three-way decisions and then prove it. The experiment results on real data sets validate that our methods are satisfactory and can achieve better performance.	2014	1.25
Facebook Users Relationships Analysis Based on Sentiment Classification	It is presented an approach aimed at analyzing the homepage of a Facebook user or group in order to automatically detect who has discussed what and how it has been discussed. All public posts shared by an user are retrieved by an ad hoc built crawler. Information such as a text messages, comments, likes, is extracted for each post. Each post is classified as belonging to a set of predefined categories and its sentiment is also detected as being positive, negative or neutral. All the comments to that post are therefore analyzed and categorized together with its sentiment polarity. For each category it is created a graph where it is highlighted the concordance of sentiment between the posts and the related comments. The graph can be therefore used to profile the user relationships according to sentiment classification.	2014	1.25
A Comparative Study of Feature Selection and Machine Learning Algorithms for Arabic Sentiment Classification	Sentiment analysis is a very challenging and important task that involves natural language processing, web mining, and machine learning. Sentiment analysis in the Arabic language is a more challenging task than in other languages due to the morphological complexity of the Arabic and the large variation of its dialects. This paper presents an empirical comparison of seven feature selection methods (Information Gain, Principal Components Analysis, Relief-F, Gini Index, Uncertainty, Chi-squared, and Support Vector Machines (SVMs)), and three machine learning classifiers (SVM, Naive Bayes, and K-nearest neighbor) for Arabic sentiment classification. A wide range of comparative experiments are conducted on an opinion corpus for Arabic (OCA). This paper demonstrates that feature selection does improve the performance of Arabic sentiment-based classification, but the result depends on the method used and the number of features selected. The experimental results demonstrate that feature reduction methods are found to improve the classifier performance. Moreover, the experimental results indicate that SVM-based feature selection yields the best performance for feature selection and that the SVM classifier outperforms the other techniques for Arabic sentiment-based classification. Finally, the experiments indicate that the SVM classifier with the SVM-based feature selection method yields the best classification method, with an accuracy of 92.4%.	2014	1.25
Sentiment Classification: An Approach for Indian Language Tweets Using Decision Tree	Abstract This paper describes the system we used for Shared Task on Sentiment Analysis in Indian Languages (SAIL) Tweets, at MIKE-2015. Twitter is one of the most popular platform which allows users to share their opinion in the form of tweets. Since it restricts the users with 140 characters, the tweets are actually very short to carry opinions and sentiments to analyze. We take the help of a twitter training dataset in Indian Language (Hindi) and apply data mining approaches for analyzing the sentiments. We used a state-of-the-art Data Mining tool Weka to automatically classify the sentiment of Hindi tweets into positive, negative or neutral.	2015	1.3333333333
Sentiment Classification: An Approach for Indian Language Tweets Using Decision Tree	This paper describes the system we used for Shared Task on Sentiment Analysis in Indian Languages (SAIL) Tweets, at MIKE-2015. Twitter is one of the most popular platform which allows users to share.	2015	1.3333333333
Microblog sentiment classification with contextual knowledge regularization	Microblog sentiment classification is an important research topic which has wide applications in both academia and industry. Because microblog messages are short, noisy and contain masses of acronyms and informal words, microblog sentiment classification is a very challenging task. Fortunately, collectively the contextual information about these idiosyncratic words provide knowledge about their sentiment orientations. In this paper, we propose to use the microblogs' contextual knowledge mined from a large amount of unlabeled data to help improve microblog sentiment classification. We define two kinds of contextual knowledge: word-word association and word-sentiment association. The contextual knowledge is formulated as regularization terms in supervised learning algorithms. An efficient optimization procedure is proposed to learn the model. Experimental results on benchmark datasets show that our method can consistently and significantly outperform the state-of-the-art methods.	2015	1.3333333333
Semi-Stacking for Semi-supervised Sentiment Classification	react-text: 168 Personal profile information on social media like LinkedIn.com and Facebook.com is at the core of many interesting applications, such as talent recommendation and contextual advertising. However, personal profiles usually lack consistent organization confronted with the large amount of available information. Therefore, it is always a challenge for people to quickly find desired information...  /react-text  react-text: 169   /react-text [Show full abstract]	2015	1.3333333333
LCCT: A Semi-supervised Model for Sentiment Classification	Analyzing public opinions towards products, services and social events is an important but challenging task. An accurate sentiment analyzer should take both lexicon-level information and corpus-level information into account. It also needs to exploit the domain-specific knowledge and utilize the common knowledge shared across domains. In addition, we want the algorithm being able to deal with missing labels and learning from incomplete sentiment lexicons. This paper presents a LCCT (Lexicon-based and Corpus-based, Co-Training) model for semi-supervised sentiment classification. The proposed method combines the idea of lexicon-based learning and corpus-based learning in a unified co-training framework. It is capable of incorporating both domain-specific and domain-independent knowledge. Extensive experiments show that it achieves very competitive classification accuracy, even with a small portion of labeled data. Comparing to state-of-the-art sentiment classification methods, the LCCT approach exhibits significantly better performances on a variety of datasets in both English and Chinese. 漏 2015 Association for Computational Linguistics	2015	1.3333333333
Feature Selection for Sentiment Classification Using Matrix Factorization	Feature selection is a critical task in both sentiment classification and topical text classification. However, most existing feature selection algorithms ignore a significant contextual difference between them that sentiment classification is commonly depended more on the words conveying sentiments. Based on this observation, a new feature selection method based on matrix factorization is proposed to identify the words with strong inter-sentiment distinguish-ability and intra-sentiment similarity. Furthermore, experiments show that our models require less features while still maintaining reasonable classification accuracy.	2015	1.3333333333
Distributional correspondence indexing for cross-lingual and cross-domain sentiment classification	Summary: Domain Adaptation (DA) techniques aim at enabling machine learning methods learn effective classifiers for a “target” domain when the only available training data belongs to a different “source” domain. In this paper we present the Distributional Correspondence Indexing (DCI) method for domain adaptation in sentiment classification. DCI derives term representations in a vector space common to both domains where each dimension reflects its distributional correspondence to a pivot, i.e., to a highly predictive term that behaves similarly across domains. Term correspondence is quantified by means of a distributional correspondence function (DCF). We propose a number of efficient DCFs that are motivated by the distributional hypothesis, i.e., the hypothesis according to which terms with similar meaning tend to have similar distributions in text. Experiments show that DCI obtains better performance than current state-of-the-art techniques for cross-lingual and cross-domain sentiment classification. DCI also brings about a significantly reduced computational cost, and requires a smaller amount of human intervention. As a final contribution, we discuss a more challenging formulation of the domain adaptation problem, in which both the cross-domain and cross-lingual dimensions are tackled simultaneously.	2016	1.5
Enhanced Sentiment Classification of Telugu Text using ML Techniques.	By using a single correlation matrix, classic MUSIC algorithm estimates subspaces through traditional eigenvalue decomposition. Its performances suffered from these inaccurate subspaces greatly. In this paper, a set of spatial temporal correlation matrices are firstly constructed by exploiting the array received data. Secondly, in order to get more accurate subspace, we establish a uniform cost function that exploits these matrices. Thirdly, a cyclic optimization algorithm is designed to jointly estimate the signal subspace. Moreover, by the relation between signal and noise subspace, the corresponding projection matrix of noise subspace is obtained, hence an improved MUSIC algorithm is implemented by this projection matrix. Finally three experiments are conducted to validate the performances of the proposed algorithm.	2016	1.5
Transfer Learning for Cross-Lingual Sentiment Classification with Weakly Shared Deep Neural Networks	Cross-lingual sentiment classification aims to automatically predict sentiment polarity (e.g., positive or negative) of data in a label-scarce target language by exploiting labeled data from a label-rich language. The fundamental challenge of cross-lingual learning stems from a lack of overlap between the feature spaces of source language data and that of target language data. To address this challenge, previous studies have been performed to make use of the translated resources for sentiment classification in the target language, and the classification performance is far from satisfactory because of the language gap between the source language and the translated target language. In this paper, to address the above challenge, we present a novel deep neural network structure, called Weakly Shared Deep Neural Networks (WSDNNs), to transfer the cross-lingual information from a source language to a target language. To share the sentiment labels between two languages, we build multiple weakly shared layers of features. It allows to represent both shared inter-language features and language-specific ones, making this structure more flexible and powerful in capturing the feature representations of bilingual languages jointly. We conduct a set of experiments with cross-lingual sentiment classification tasks on multilingual Amazon product reviews. The empirical results show that our proposed approach significantly outperforms the state-of-the-art methods for cross-lingual sentiment classification, especially when label data is scarce.	2016	1.5
Learning Sentence Embeddings with Auxiliary Tasks for Cross-Domain Sentiment Classification	In this paper, we study cross-domain sentimentclassification with neural network architectures.We borrow the idea from StructuralCorrespondence Learning and use two auxiliarytasks to help induce a sentence embeddingthat supposedly works well across domains forsentiment classification. We also propose tojointly learn this sentence embedding togetherwith the sentiment classifier itself. Experimentresults demonstrate that our proposedjoint model outperforms several state-of-the artmethods on five benchmark datasets.	2016	1.5
Leveraging Large Amounts of Weakly Supervised Data for Multi-Language Sentiment Classification	This paper presents a novel approach for multi-lingual sentiment classification in short texts. This is a challenging task as the amount of training data in languages other than English is very limited. Previously proposed multi-lingual approaches typically require to establish a correspondence to English for which powerful classifiers are already available. In contrast, our method does not require such supervision. We leverage large amounts of weakly-supervised data in various languages to train a multi-layer convolutional network and demonstrate the importance of using pre-training of such networks. We thoroughly evaluate our approach on various multi-lingual datasets, including the recent SemEval-2016 sentiment prediction benchmark (Task 4), where we achieved state-of-the-art performance. We also compare the performance of our model trained individually for each language to a variant trained for all languages at once. We show that the latter model reaches slightly worse - but still acceptable - performance when compared to the single language model, while benefiting from better generalization properties across languages.	2017	3
Sentiment classification of Hinglish text	In order to determine the sentiment polarity of Hinglish text written in Roman script, we experimented with different combinations of feature selection methods and a host of classifiers using term frequency-inverse document frequency feature representation. We carried out in total 840 experiments in order to determine the best classifiers for sentiment expressed in the news and Facebook comments written in Hinglish. We concluded that a triumvirate of term frequency-inverse document frequency-based feature representation, gain ratio based feature selection, and Radial Basis Function Neural Network as the best combination to classify sentiment expressed in the Hinglish text.	2016	1.5
Modeling Rich Contexts for Sentiment Classification with LSTM	Sentiment analysis on social media data such as tweets and weibo has become a very important and challenging task. Due to the intrinsic properties of such data, tweets are short, noisy, and of divergent topics, and sentiment classification on these data requires to modeling various contexts such as the retweet/reply history of a tweet, and the social context about authors and relationships. While few prior study has approached the issue of modeling contexts in tweet, this paper proposes to use a hierarchical LSTM to model rich contexts in tweet, particularly long-range context. Experimental results show that contexts can help us to perform sentiment classification remarkably better.	2016	1.5
Role of Emotion icons in Sentiment classification of Arabic Tweets	In recent years, there is enormous increase of data content due to emergence of social media platforms in digital word of internet. The text mining is very important technique to discover the knowledge from unstructured data. Automatic sentiment analysis is one of the important applications of text mining. The sentiment analysis is used to predict the text polarity (positive, negative, and neutral). Furthermore, the most of users using social media such as Twitter use informal language to express their opinions. In this paper, we propose an automatic approach to predict sentiments for informal Arabic language. We chose Arabic tweets as input for our study. We observed through our experiment results that although emotion icons presence in the tweets helps in development of comparatively more accurate classifier, however they play ambiguous role in defining the sentiments of tweets.	2014	1
Sentiment classification of Chinese online reviews: a comparison of factors influencing performances	With the growing availability and popularity of online consumer reviews, people have been trying to seek sentiment-aware applications to gather and understand these opinion-rich texts. Thus, sentiment classification arises in response to analyse opinions of others automatically. In this paper, experiments of sentiment classification of Chinese online reviews across different domains are conducted by considering a couple of factors which potentially influence the sentiment classification performance. Experimental results indicate that the size of training sets and the number of features have certain influence on classification accuracy. In addition, there is no significant difference in classification accuracy when using Document Frequency, Chi-square Statistic and Information Gain, respectively, to reduce dimensionality. Low-order n-grams outperforms high-order n-grams in terms of accuracy if n-grams is taken as features. Furthermore, when words and combination of words are selected as features, the accuracy of adjectives is much close to that of NVAA (the combination of nouns, verbs, adjectives and adverbs), and is better than others as well.	2016	1.5
A novel deep learning architecture for sentiment classification	Evolution of plethora of e-commerce sites resulted in fierce competition among their providers. In order to acquire new and retain existing customers, various producers and market managers effectively employ online feedback analytics tools. Most of the online feedback analysis tools are built using sentiment analysis models. Sentiment analysis evolved in the last one and half decades for review mining process. An important sub-task of sentiment analysis called sentiment classification is used mainly to decide whether a written review is expressing either positive or negative sentiment towards a target entity. In order to have better sentiment classification accuracy, we proposed a hybrid deep learning architecture, which is a hybrid of a two layered Restricted Boltzmann Machine and a Probabilistic Neural Network. The proposed approach yielded better accuracy for five different datasets compared to the state-of-the-art.	2016	1.5
Domain-specific sentiment classification via fusing sentiment knowledge from multiple sources	Analyzing the sentiments in massive user-generated online data, such as product reviews and microblogs, has become a hot research topic. It can help customers, companies and expert systems make more informed decisions. Sentiment analysis is widely known as a domain dependent problem. Different domains usually have different sentiment expressions and a general sentiment classifier is not suitable for all domains. A natural solution to this problem is to train a domain-specific sentiment classifier for each target domain. However, the labeled data in target domain is usually insufficient, and it is costly and time-consuming to annotate enough samples. In order to tackle this problem, we propose a novel approach to train domain-specific sentiment classifiers by fusing the sentiment knowledge from multiple sources. Sentiment information from four sources is extracted and fused in our approach. The first source is sentiment lexicons, which contain sentiment polarities of general sentiment words. The second source is the sentiment classifiers of multiple source domains. The third source is the unlabeled data in target domain, from which we extract domain-specific sentiment relations among words. The fourth source is the labeled data in target domain. We propose a unified framework to fuse these four kinds of sentiment knowledge and train domain-specific sentiment classifier for target domain. In addition, we present an efficient optimization algorithm to solve the model of our approach. Extensive experiments are conducted on both Amazon product review dataset and Twitter dataset. Experimental results show that by fusing the sentiment information extracted from multiple sources, our approach can effectively improve the performance of sentiment classification and reduce the dependence on labeled data. For instance, our approach can achieve an accuracy of 87.22% in Kitchen  domain when only 200 samples in target domain are labeled. The performance improvements of our approach compared with purely supervised sentiment classifier are 8.98% and 7.92% on Amazon and Twitter datasets respectively.	2017	3
SlangSD: Building and Using a Sentiment Dictionary of Slang Words for Short-Text Sentiment Classification	Sentiment in social media is increasingly considered as an important resource for customer segmentation, market understanding, and tackling other socio-economic issues. However, sentiment in social media is difficult to measure since user-generated content is usually short and informal. Although many traditional sentiment analysis methods have been proposed, identifying slang sentiment words remains untackled. One of the reasons is that slang sentiment words are not available in existing dictionaries or sentiment lexicons. To this end, we propose to build the first sentiment dictionary of slang words to aid sentiment analysis of social media content. It is laborious and time-consuming to collect and label the sentiment polarity of a comprehensive list of slang words. We present an approach to leverage web resources to construct an extensive Slang Sentiment word Dictionary (SlangSD) that is easy to maintain and extend. SlangSD is publicly available for research purposes. We empirically show the advantages of using SlangSD, the newly-built slang sentiment word dictionary for sentiment classification, and provide examples demonstrating its ease of use with an existing sentiment system.	2016	1.5
A Comparative Study of Feature Selection and Machine Learning Algorithms for Arabic Sentiment Classification	Sentiment analysis is a very challenging and important task that involves natural language processing, web mining, and machine learning. Sentiment analysis in the Arabic language is a more challenging.	2014	1
Sentiment Classification Based on AS-LDA Model 	We address the task of sentiment classification - identification of the polarity of the subjective document in this paper. We introduces a sentiment classification method called AS LDA. In this model, we assume that words in subjective documents consists of two parts: sentiment element words and auxiliary words which are sampled accordingly from sentiment topics and auxiliary topics. Sentiment element words include targets of the opinions, polarity words and modifiers of polarity words. Experimental results demonstrate that our approach outperforms Latent Dirichlet Allocation (LDA).	2014	1
Sentiment classification based on LDA using SMO classifier	ABSTRACT  Opinion Mining is also known as Sentiment Analysis which refers to the use of natural language processing, text analysis and computational linguistics to identify and extract the subjective information. A commonly adopted framework generates structured review summaries with aspects and opinions. Recently topic models have been used to identify the meaningful review aspects, Topic modeling is a form of text mining, a way of identifying patterns in a corpus. . In the proposed system, Latent Dirichlet Allocation (LDA) model is introduced to discover both the aspects and aspect specific opinion words. Support Vector Machine (SVM) and Sequential Minimal Optimization (SMO) classifier is used to classify the topics preferable to each and every document.	2015	1
Twitter sentiment classification using machine learning techniques for stock markets	Sentiment classification of Twitter data has been successfully applied in finding predictions in a variety of domains. However, using sentiment classification to predict stock market variables is still challenging and ongoing research. The main objective of this study is to compare the overall accuracy of two machine learning techniques (logistic regression and neural network) with respect to providing a positive, negative and neutral sentiment for stock-related tweets. Both classifiers are compared using Bigram term frequency (TF) and Unigram term frequency - inverse document term frequency (TF-IDF) weighting schemes. Classifiers are trained using a dataset that contains 42,000 automatically annotated tweets. The training dataset forms positive, negative and neutral tweets covering four technology-related stocks (Twitter, Google, Facebook, and Tesla) collected using Twitter Search API. Classifiers give the same results in terms of overall accuracy (58%). However, empirical experiments show that using Unigram TF-IDF outperforms TF.	2015	1
A Survey of Sentiment Classification Techniques Used for Indian Regional Languages	Sentiment Analysis is a natural language processing task that extracts sentiment from various text forms and classifies them according to positive, negative or neutral polarity. It analyzes emotions, feelings, and the attitude of a speaker or a writer towards a context. This paper gives comparative study of various sentiment classification techniques and also discusses in detail two main categories of sentiment classification techniques these are machine based and lexicon based. The paper also presents challenges associated with sentiment analysis along with lexical resources available.	2015	1
Aspect-Level Cross-lingual Sentiment Classification with Constrained SMT	Most cross-lingual sentiment classifica- tion (CLSC) research so far has been per- formed at sentence or document level. Aspect-level CLSC, which is more appro- priate for many applications, presents the additional difficulty that we consider sub- sentential opinionated units which have to be mapped across languages. In this pa- per, we extend the possible cross-lingual sentiment analysis settings to aspect-level specific use cases. We propose a method, based on constrained SMT, to transfer opinionated units across languages by pre- serving their boundaries. We show that cross-language sentiment classifiers built with this method achieve comparable re- sults to monolingual ones, and we com- pare different cross-lingual settings.	2015	1
DIEGOLab: An Approach for Message-level Sentiment Classification in Twitter	We present our supervised sentiment classifi- cation system which competed in SemEval- 2015 Task 10B: Sentiment Classification in Twitter-- Message Polarity Classification. Our system employs a Support Vector Ma- chine classifier trained using a number of fea- tures including n-grams, dependency parses, synset expansions, word prior polarities, and embedding clusters. Using weighted Sup- port Vector Machines, to address the issue of class imbalance, our system obtains positive class F-scores of 0.701 and 0.656, and nega- tive class F-scores of 0.515 and 0.478 over the training and test sets, respectively.	2015	1
JEAM: A Novel Model for Cross-Domain Sentiment Classification Based on Emotion Analysis	Cross-domain sentiment classification (CSC) aims at learning a sentiment classifier for unlabeled data in the target domain based on the labeled data from a different source domain. Due to the differences of data distribution of two domains in terms of the raw features, the CSC problem is difficult and challenging. Previous researches mainly focused on concepts mining by clustering words across data domains, which ignored the importance of authors’ emotion contained in data, or the different representations of the emotion between domains. In this paper, we propose a novel framework to solve the CSC problem, by modelling the emotion across domains. We first develop a probabilistic model named JEAM to model author’s emotion state when writing. Then, an EM algorithm is introduced to solve the likelihood maximum problem and to obtain the latent emotion distribution of the author. Finally, a supervised learning method is utilized to assign the sentiment polarity to a given online review. Experiments show that our approach is effective and outperforms state-of-the-art approaches.	2015	1
A subspace learning framework for cross-lingual sentiment classification with partial parallel data	Cross-lingual sentiment classification aims to automatically predict sentiment polarity (e.g., positive or negative) of data in a label-scarce target language by exploiting labeled data from a label-rich language. The fundamental challenge of cross-lingual learning stems from a lack of overlap between the feature spaces of the source language data and that of the target language data. To address this challenge, previous work in the literature mainly relies on the large amount of bilingual parallel corpora to bridge the language gap. In many real applications, however, it is often the case that we have some partial parallel data but it is an expensive and time-consuming job to acquire large amount of parallel data on different languages. In this paper, we propose a novel subspace learning framework by leveraging the partial parallel data for cross-lingual sentiment classification. The proposed approach is achieved by jointly learning the document-aligned review data and un-aligned data from the source language and the target language via a non-negative matrix factorization framework. We conduct a set of experiments with cross-lingual sentiment classification tasks on multilingual Amazon product reviews. Our experimental results demonstrate the efficacy of the proposed cross-lingual approach.	2015	1
Learning Document Embeddings by Predicting N-grams for Sentiment Classification of Long Movie Reviews	Bag-of-ngram based methods still achieve state-of-the-art results for tasks such as sentiment classification of long movie reviews, despite semantic information is partially lost for these methods. Many document embeddings methods have been proposed to capture semantics, but they still can't outperform bag-of-ngram based methods on this task. In this paper, we modify the architecture of the recently proposed Paragraph Vector, allowing it to learn document vectors by predicting not only words, but n-gram features as well. Our model is able to capture both semantics and word order in documents while keeping the expressive power of learned vectors. Experimental results on IMDB movie review dataset shows that our model outperforms previous deep learning models and bag-of-ngram based models due to the above advantages. More robust results are also obtained when our model is combined with other models. The source code of our model will be also published together with this paper.	2015	1
Harnessing consumer reviews for marketing intelligence: a domain-adapted sentiment classification approach	With the success and proliferation of Web 2.0 applications, consumers can use the Internet for shopping, comparing products, and publishing product reviews on various social media sites. Such consumer reviews are valuable assets in applications supporting marketing intelligence. However, the rapidly increasing number of consumer reviews makes it difficult for businesses or consumers to obtain a comprehensive view of consumer opinions pertaining to a product of interest when manual analysis techniques are used. Thus, developing data analysis tools that can automatically analyze consumer reviews to summarize consumer sentiments is both desirable and essential. Accordingly, this study was focused on the sentiment classification of consumer reviews. To address the domain-dependency problem typically encountered in sentiment classification and other sentiment analysis applications, we propose a domain-adapted sentiment-classification (DA-SC) technique for inducing a domain-independent base classifier and using a cotraining mechanism to adapt the base classifier to a specific application domain of interest. Our empirical evaluation results show that the performance of the proposed DA-SC technique is superior or comparable to similar techniques for classifying consumer reviews into appropriate sentiment categories.	2015	1
Online and semi-online sentiment classification	With the advent of social media and e-commerce sites, people are posting their unilateral, possibly subjective views on different products and services. Sentiment classification is the process of determining whether a given text is expressing positive or negative sentiment towards an entity (product or service) or its attributes. In this regard, we employed text mining involving steps like text preprocessing, feature extraction and selection and finally classification by machine learning algorithms to classify the customers' reviews on four mobile phone brands. The trio of TF-IDF, chi-square based feature selection and recurrent (Jordan/Elman)neural network classifier outperformed all other alternatives. The proposed combination yielded 19.13% higher accuracy compared to that of SVM, which is reported as the best classifier for sentiment classification in several studies. It also outperformed two semi-online classifiers proposed by us here.	2015	1
Multi-dimensional Sentiment Classification in Online Learning Environment	Text-based sentiment analysis as a tool for monitoring online learning environment has elicited increasing interesting and been widely used in practice. Correctly identifying author sentiment in a stream of text presents a number of challenges including accurate language parsing, differing perspectives between author and reader, and the general difficulty in accurately classifying natural language semantics. This paper documents the development and initial results of a unique multi-dimensional sentiment analysis agent for online learning environment, in order to provide overall student feedback on a number of different levels as well as identify potential problems during the delivery of the course. This sentiment analysis agent monitors student interaction in the messaging, discussion and collaboration tools found in the Moodle learning environment, and classifies textual data into one of six dimensions: positive, negative, neutral, insightful, angry, and joke. Ultimately we see this work being especially useful to larger digital learning environments -- especially massive open online courses (MOOCs) -- where instructors and administrators are unable to read every individual forum or discussion item, but require a way to identify significant changes in tone and sentiment in order to quickly address potential students or user issues.	2015	1
Cross-domain sentiment classification-feature divergence, polarity divergence or both?	Sentiment classification, which aims to predict the polarity of users鈥 viewpoint hidden in reviews, is a domain-specific problem, it often fails to be tested in one domain as a classifier trained from another domain. It is hence significant and challenging for cross-domain sentiment classification due to the following two cases: (1) the same feature is used to express different sentiments in different domains (we call itpolarity divergence), and (2) different features are used to express similar sentiments in different domains (we call itfeature divergence). Existing efforts focus on the latter and consider little on the former. In this paper, we consider both cases in cross-domain sentiment classification and propose a novel algorithm by transferring the polarity of features (TPF). Since the polarity of features is informative for sentiment classification, our algorithm transfers the polarity of features from the source domain to the target domain with the independent features as the bridge. It is worth to note that the polarities of independent features are reset when they are involved in the former case. In addition, the resetting of independent features鈥 polarities in our algorithm can also be used as a preprocessing step in existing efforts. Empirical results show that our proposed method outperforms state-of-the-art methods in cross-domain sentiment classification.	2015	1
Word sense disambiguation based sentiment lexicons for sentiment classification	Sentiment analysis has attracted much attention from both researchers and practitioners as word-of-mouth (WOM) has a significant influence on consumer behavior. One core task of sentiment analysis is the discovery of sentimental words. This can be done efficiently when an accurate and large-scale sentiment lexicon is used. SentiWordNet is one such lexicon which defines each synonym set within WordNet with sentiment scores and orientation. As human language is ambiguous, an exact sense for a word in SentiWordNet needs to be justified according to the context in which the word occurs. However, most sentiment-based classification tasks extract sentimental words from SentiWordNet without dealing with word sense disambiguation (WSD), but directly adopt the sentiment score of the first sense or average sense. This paper proposes three WSD techniques based on the context of WOM documents to build WSD-based SentiWordNet lexicons. The experiments demonstrate that an improvement is achieved when the proposed WSD-based SentiWordNet is used.	2016	1
Boost Phrase-level Polarity Labelling with Review-level Sentiment Classification	Sentiment analysis on user reviews helps to keep track of user reactions towards products, and make advices to users about what to buy. State-of-the-art review-level sentiment classification techniques could give pretty good precisions of above 90%. However, current phrase-level sentiment analysis approaches might only give sentiment polarity labelling precisions of around 70%~80%, which is far from satisfaction and restricts its application in many practical tasks. In this paper, we focus on the problem of phrase-level sentiment polarity labelling and attempt to bridge the gap between phrase-level and review-level sentiment analysis. We investigate the inconsistency between the numerical star ratings and the sentiment orientation of textual user reviews. Although they have long been treated as identical, which serves as a basic assumption in previous work, we find that this assumption is not necessarily true. We further propose to leverage the results of review-level sentiment classification to boost the performance of phrase-level polarity labelling using a novel constrained convex optimization framework. Besides, the framework is capable of integrating various kinds of information sources and heuristics, while giving the global optimal solution due to its convexity. Experimental results on both English and Chinese reviews show that our framework achieves high labelling precisions of up to 89%, which is a significant improvement from current approaches.	2015	1
Cached Long Short-Term Memory Neural Networks for Document-Level Sentiment Classification	react-text: 384 The objective of knowledge graph embedding is to encode both entities and relations of knowledge graphs into continuous low-dimensional vector spaces. Previously, most works focused on symbolic representation of knowledge graph with structure information, which can not handle new entities or entities with few facts well. In this paper, we propose a novel deep architecture to utilize both...  /react-text  react-text: 385   /react-text [Show full abstract]	2016	1
Harnessing consumer reviews for marketing intelligence: a domain-adapted sentiment classification approach	With the success and proliferation of Web 2.0 applications, consumers can use the Internet for shopping, comparing products, and publishing product reviews on various social media sites. Such consumer reviews are valuable assets in applications supporting marketing intelligence. However, the rapidly increasing number of consumer reviews makes it difficult for businesses or consumers to obtain a comprehensive view of consumer opinions pertaining to a product of interest when manual analysis techniques are used. Thus, developing data analysis tools that can automatically analyze consumer reviews to summarize consumer sentiments is both desirable and essential. Accordingly, this study was focused on the sentiment classification of consumer reviews. To address the domain-dependency problem typically encountered in sentiment classification and other sentiment analysis applications, we propose a domain-adapted sentiment-classification (DA-SC) technique for inducing a domain-independent base classifier and using a cotraining mechanism to adapt the base classifier to a specific application domain of interest. Our empirical evaluation results show that the performance of the proposed DA-SC technique is superior or comparable to similar techniques for classifying consumer reviews into appropriate sentiment categories.	2015	1
Twitter sentiment classification using Naive Bayes based on trainer perception	This paper presents strategy to classify tweets sentiment using Naive Bayes techniques based on trainers' perception into three categories; positive, negative or neutral. 50 tweets of `Malaysia' and `Maybank' keywords were selected from Twitter for perception training. In this study, there were 27 trainers participated. Each trainer was asked to classify the sentiment of 25 tweets of each keyword. Results from the classification training was then be used as the input for Naive Bayes training for the remaining 25 tweets. The trainers were then asked to validate the results of sentiment classification by the Naive Bayes technique. The accuracy of this study is 90% 卤 14% measured by total number of correct per total classified tweets.	2016	1
Convolutional Neural Networks for Sentiment Classification and Quantification	react-text: 152 Humans continuously adapt their style and language to a variety of domains. However, a reliable definition of `domain' has eluded researchers thus far. Additionally, the notion of discrete domains stands in contrast to the multiplicity of heterogeneous domains that humans navigate, many of which overlap. In order to better understand the change and variation of human language, we draw on...  /react-text  react-text: 153   /react-text [Show full abstract]	2016	1
Attention-based LSTM Network for Cross-Lingual Sentiment Classification	Most of the state-of-the-art sentiment classifi- cation methods are based on supervised learn- ing algorithms which require large amounts of manually labeled data. However, the labeled resources are usually imbalanced in different languages. Cross-lingual sentiment classification tackles the problem by adapting the sentiment resources in a resource-rich language to resource-poor languages. In this study, we propose an attention-based bilingual representation learning model which learns the distributed semantics of the documents in both the source and the target languages. In each language, we use Long Short Term Mem- ory (LSTM) network to model the documents, which has been proved to be very effective for word sequences. Meanwhile, we propose a hierarchical attention mechanism for the bilingual LSTM network. The sentence-level attention model learns which sentences of a document are more important for determining the overall sentiment while the word-level attention model learns which words in each sentence are decisive. The proposed model achieves good results on a benchmark dataset using English as the source language and Chinese as the target language.	2016	1
Deep Belief Networks with Feature Selection for Sentiment Classification	Due to the complexity of human languages, most of sentiment classification algorithms are suffered from a huge-scale dimension of vocabularies which are mostly noisy and redundant. Deep Belief Networks (DBN) tackle this problem by learning useful information in input corpus with their several hidden layers. Unfortunately, DBN is a time-consuming and computationally expensive process for large-scale applications. In this paper, a semi-supervised learning algorithm, called Deep Belief Networks with Feature Selection (DBNFS) is developed. Using our chi-squared based feature selection, the complexity of the vocabulary input is decreased since some irrelevant features are filtered which makes the learning phase of DBN more efficient. The experimental results of our proposed DBNFS shows that the proposed DBNFS can achieve higher classification accuracy and can speed up training time compared with others well-known semi-supervised learning algorithms.	2017	2
CUFE at SemEval-2016 Task 4: A Gated Recurrent Model for Sentiment Classification	In this paper we describe a deep learning system that has been built for SemEval 2016 Task4 (Subtask A and B). In this work we trained a Gated Recurrent Unit (GRU) neural network model on top of two sets of word embeddings: (a) general word embeddings generated from unsupervised neural language model; and (b) task specific word embeddings generated from supervised neural language model that was trained to classify tweets into positive and negative categories. We also added a method for analyzing and splitting multi-words hashtags and appending them to the tweet body before feeding it to our model. Our models achieved 0.58 F1-measure for Subtask A (ranked 12/34) and 0.679 Recall for Subtask B (ranked 12/19).	2016	1
SteM at SemEval-2016 Task 4: Applying Active Learning to Improve Sentiment Classification	This paper describes our approach to the SemEval 2016 task 4, “Sentiment Analysis in Twitter”, where we participated in subtask A. Our system relies on AlchemyAPI and SentiWordNet to create 43 features based on which we select a feature subset as final representation. Active Learning then filters out noisy tweets from the provided training set, leaving a smaller set of only 900 tweets which we use for training a Multinomial Naive Bayes classifier to predict the labels of the test set with an F1 score of 0.478.	2016	1
Unlocking Super Bowl Insights: Weighted Word Embeddings for Twitter Sentiment Classification	Sentiment classification plays an important role in Sentiment Analysis. It is challenging to develop an automatic method for classification problems without annotated training data. In this paper, we present a WWE (weighted word embeddings) method, which uses a continuous word representations algorithm (Word2Vec) to train a vector model. According to the cosine similarity between the vector of a word and the vectors of seed words, a polarity score of this word can be calculated. We then use the weighted polarity scores of words to compute a polarity score of the whole tweet. Unlike the previous learning-based approaches, our method does not require annotated data gathered for the purpose of training models. We collected the Super Bowl 50 related tweets to demonstrate the WWE classification method. Experiments are performed with promising outcomes.	2016	1
Leveraging Latent Sentiment Constraint in Probabilistic Matrix Factorization for Cross-Domain Sentiment Classification ☆	Sentiment analysis is concerned with classifying a subjective text into positive or negative according to the opinion expressed in it. The performance of traditional sentiment classification algorithms rely heavily on manually labeled training data. However, not every domain has the labeled data because the labeling work is time-consuming and expensive. In this paper, we propose a latent sentiment factorization (LSF) algorithm based on probabilistic matrix factorization technique for cross-domain sentiment classification. LSF works in the setting where there are only labeled data in the source domain and unlabeled data in the target domain. It bridges the gap between domains by exploiting the sentiment correlations between domain-shared and domain-specific words in a two-dimensional sentiment space. Experimental results demonstrate the superiority of our method over the state-of-the-art approaches.	2016	1
Sentiment classification using Comprehensive Attention Recurrent models	Sentiment classification has been a very hot topic in the field of natural language processing (NLP) and understanding in recent years. Recurrent neural networks (RNN) is a widely used tool to deal with the classification problem of variable-length sentences. The standard RNN can only access the preceding context of a sentence. In this paper, a new architecture termed Comprehensive Attention Recurrent Neural Networks (CA-RNN) which can store preceding, succeeding and local contexts of any position in a sequence is developed. The bidirectional recurrent neural networks (BRNN) is used to access the past and future information while a convolutional layer is employed to capture local information. The standard RNN is also replaced by two recently emerged RNN variants, namely long short-term memory (LSTM) and gated recurrent unit (GRU), to enhance the effectiveness of the new architecture. Another salient feature of the proposed model is that it can be trained end-to-end without any human intervention. It is very easy to be implemented. We conduct experiments on several sentiment-labeled datasets and analysis tasks. Experiment results demonstrate that capturing comprehensive contextual information can significantly enhance the classification accuracy compared with the standard recurrent models and the new models can achieve competitive performance compared with the state-of-the-art approaches.	2016	1
Cross-lingual sentiment classification with stacked autoencoders	Cross-lingual sentiment classification is a popular research topic in natural language processing. The fundamental challenge of cross-lingual learning stems from a lack of overlap between the feature.	2016	1
Text Topic Mining Based on Sentiment Classification	There exist a great number of comments about E-commerce on the Internet that contains personal emotions,which not only reflect product customer satisfaction,but also the market trends.With the thematic terms contained in these comments,this paper proposes an approach of combining text classification and thematic terms mining,which first classify the sentiment words by using support vector machines,then extract thematic terms from the comments dealed by LDA model.The test results with realworld datasets indicate the proposed approach of this paper is with great effectiveness that can better classify the text and dig out the thematic terms more accurately.	2016	1
Efficient Twitter sentiment classification using subjective distant supervision	As microblogging services like Twitter are becoming more and more influential in today's globalized world, its facets like sentiment analysis are being extensively studied. We are no longer constrained by our own opinion. Others' opinions and sentiments play a huge role in shaping our perspective. In this paper, we build on previous works on Twitter sentiment analysis using Distant Supervision. The existing approach requires huge computation resource for analyzing large number of tweets. In this paper, we propose techniques to speed up the computation process for sentiment analysis. We use tweet subjectivity to select the right training samples. We also introduce the concept of EFWS (Effective Word Score) of a tweet that is derived from polarity scores of frequently used words, which is an additional heuristic that can be used to speed up the sentiment classification with standard machine learning algorithms. We performed our experiments using 1.6 million tweets. Experimental evaluations show that our proposed technique is more efficient and has higher accuracy compared to previously proposed methods. We achieve overall accuracies of around 80% (EFWS heuristic gives an accuracy around 85%) on a training dataset of 100K tweets, which is half the size of the dataset used for the baseline model. The accuracy of our proposed model is 2-3% higher than the baseline model, and the model effectively trains at twice the speed of the baseline model.	2017	2
Linguistically Regularized LSTMs for Sentiment Classification	Sentiment understanding has been a long-term goal of AI in the past decades. This paper deals with sentence-level sentiment classification. Though a variety of neural network models have been proposed very recently, however, previous models either depend on expensive phrase-level annotation, whose performance drops substantially when trained with only sentence-level annotation; or do not fully employ linguistic resources (e.g., sentiment lexicons, negation words, intensity words), thus not being able to produce linguistically coherent representations. In this paper, we propose simple models trained with sentence-level annotation, but also attempt to generating linguistically coherent representations by employing regularizers that model the linguistic role of sentiment lexicons, negation words, and intensity words. Results show that our models are effective to capture the sentiment shifting effect of sentiment, negation, and intensity words, while still obtain competitive results without sacrificing the models' simplicity.	2017	2
Sentiment classification by a hybrid method of greedy search and multinomial naïve bayes algorithm	In this paper, we proposed sentiment classification framework focusing on the hybrid method of greedy and multinomial naive bayes algorithm. We found greedy search feature selection most effective in our experiments with multinomial naive bayes algorithm. We also discovered that the multinomial naive bayes is suitable for combination with the greedy method. The hybrid method of greedy and multinomial naive bayes algorithm yielded the best performance with the accuracy over all traditional algorithms. Based on our experiments, the multinomial naive bayes algorithm with the greedy search feature selection yielded the best performance with the accuracy of 85.00 %. Our experimental results also reveal that hybrid methods have a positive effect on sentiment classification framework.	2014	0.75
Senti.ue: Tweet Overall Sentiment Classification Approach for SemEval-2014 Task 9	This document describes the senti.ue system and how it was used for partici- pation in SemEval-2014 Task 9 challenge. Our system is an evolution of our prior work, also used in last year edition of Sentiment Analysis in Twitter. This sys- tem maintains a supervised machine learn- ing approach to classify the tweet overall sentiment, but with a change in the used features and the algorithm. We use a re- stricted set of 47 features in subtask B and 31 features in subtask A. In the constrained mode, and for the five data sources, senti.ue achieved a score between 78,72 and 84,05 in subtask A, and a score between 55,31 and 71,39 in sub- task B. For the unconstrained mode, our score was slightly below, except for one case in subtask A.	2014	0.75
PerSentiment: A Personalized Sentiment Classification System for Microblog Users	Abstract Microblogging services are playing increasingly important roles in our daily life today. It is useful for microblog users to instantly understand the sentiment of a large number of microblogs posted by their friends and make appropriate response. Despite considerable progress on microblog sentiment classification, most of the existing works ignore the influence of personal distinctions of different microblog users on the sentiments they convey, and none of them has provided real-world personalized sentiment classification systems. Considering personal distinctions in sentiment analysis is natural and necessary as different people have different language habits, personal characters, opinion bias and so on. In this demonstration, we present a live system based on Twitter called PerSentiment, an individuality-dependent sentiment classification system which makes the first attempt to analyze the personalized sentiment of recent tweets and retweets posted by the authenticated user and the users he/she follows. Our system consists of four steps, i.e., requesting tweets via Twitter API, preprocessing collected tweets for extracting features, building personalized sentiment classifier based on a novel and extensible Latent Factor Model (LFM) trained on emoticon-tagged tweets, and finally visualizing the sentiment of friends鈥 tweets to provide a guide for better sentiment understanding.	2016	1
Sentiment Classification at the Time of the Tunisian Uprising: Machine Learning Techniques Applied to a New Corpus for Arabic Language	Sentiment analysis is the field of study that analyzes people's opinions, sentiments, attitudes, and emotions from written language. It is one of the most active research areas in natural language processing and is also widely studied in data mining, web mining, and text mining. In recent years, text mining and sentiment analysis are being in almost every business and social domain which study all human activities and key influencers of our behaviors. Even though there are, at present, several studies related to this theme, most of them focus mainly on English texts. The resources available for opinion mining in other languages, such as Arabic, are still limited. In this paper, we propose a new sentiment analysis system destined to classify users' opinions which is performed with a new corpus for Arabic language gathered from users' posts at the time of the Tunisian revolution. Furthermore, different experiments have been carried out on this corpus, using machine learning algorithms such as Support Vector Machines and Nai虉ve Bayes.	2014	0.75
INSIGHT-1 at SemEval-2016 Task 4: Convolutional Neural Networks for Sentiment Classification and Quantification	This paper describes our deep learning-based approach to sentiment analysis in Twitter as part of SemEval-2016 Task 4. We use a convolutional neural network to determine sentiment and participate in all subtasks, i.e. two-point, three-point, and five-point scale sentiment classification and two-point and five-point scale sentiment quantification. We achieve competitive results for two-point scale sentiment classification and quantification, ranking fifth and a close fourth (third and second by alternative metrics) respectively despite using only pre-trained embeddings that contain no sentiment information. We achieve good performance on three-point scale sentiment classification, ranking eighth out of 35, while performing poorly on five-point scale sentiment classification and quantification. An error analysis reveals that this is due to low expressiveness of the model to capture negative sentiment as well as an inability to take into account ordinal information. We propose improvements in order to address these and other issues.	2016	1
Sentiment Classification Analysis of Chinese Microblog Network	In recent years, more and more people begin to publish information on online social platforms like Sina Weibo. Via the facilities like posting tweets, retweeting tweets and making comments provided by Weibo service, users can easily express their feelings, giving opinions and make interactions with their friends in real time. Sentiment analysis of Weibo messages is important for the analysis of human sentiment. The characteristics of Chinese microblogs bring difficulty in sentiment classification. In this paper, an effective Chinese microblogs sentiment classification model based on Naive Bayes is proposed. Two strategies to do the three sentiment polarities classification are compared and the two-step strategy performs better than the one-step strategy.	2015	0.6666666667
Lexicon based approach for sentiment classification of user reviews	With the advent of web, online user reviews are getting more and more attention of the researchers because valuable information about products and services are available on social media like twitter1. These reviews are very helpful for organizations as well as for new customers showing interest in these products or services. But this data is generated in tremendous amount which is out of control of manual mining methods. These reviews need a model that has the ability to gauge these shared reviews according to predefined categories. This work introduces a rule based approach to find the opinion classification of reviews. The system can automatically crawl reviews from social media sites, classify these reviews as subjective and objective and then calculate polarity score for subjective reviews at word level. This method shows impressive results and out-performs the baseline method by achieving 86% and 82% accuracy at feedback and sentence level respectively for comments and 96% at feedback and 85 % at sentences for reviews.	2014	0.5
Research of Unbalance Sentiment Classification Based on Denoising Autoencoders	Currently,the network comments sentiment classification studies usually use unbalanced sample data in which the number of positive samples generally much larger than the negative sample. That imbalance sample classification is prone to minority class large error. In addition the network comments expression varied,it is difficult to get a large number of supervised data. In order to solver these problems,the Web reviews imbalance unsupervised sentiment classification is studied. First,through improving the Denoising Autoencoders,minority class characteristic value is increased to avoid the majority class classification sample deviation. Then the eigenvalues is put in k-means algorithm as input values to achieve unsupervised classification. Experimental results show that the algorithm has a good adaptability for higher imbalance sample data,and verify the effectiveness of the algorithm.	2014	0.5
SentReP: Sentiment Classification of Movie Reviews using Efficient Repetitive Pre-Processing	Opinions are highly essential for decision making and popular among the internet users. People with malicious intentions tend to give fake reviews to encourage or degrade the products. Reviewing movies is gaining popularity among web users, at the same time cannot be trusted. In this work, we propose a model Sentiment Classification of Movie Reviews using Efficient Repetitive Pre-processing (SentReP) that is based on tested parameters and a focused pre-processing technique to classify opinions. Working on the Cornell Movie review data set, this work significantly proves the accuracy and effectiveness of SentReP across different volumes of data and when compared to other different prevailing approaches. Overall this approach is very efficient in analyzing sentiments of movie reviews.	2014	0.5
Semantic weight-based naive Bayesian algorithm for text sentiment classification	Summary: To solve the drawback that the precision of the document-level sentiment classification is lower than that of the normal text classification, this paper proposes a semantic weight-based naive Bayesian algorithm for text sentiment classification. First, the words in an emotion dictionary are scored and weighted by using a feature selection method. Second, based on the correlation between the distribution of dictionary polar and the document-level sentiment classification, the semantic weight feature is merged into naive Bayesian classification and a new algorithm is achieved. Finally, lots of experiments on some standard Chinese data sets are performed. Results show that this algorithm is better than some existing algorithms on precision, recall, and $F_1$-measure.	2014	0.5
Pre-processing online financial text for sentiment classification: A natural language processing approach	Online financial textual information contains a large amount of investor sentiment, i.e. subjective assessment and discussion with respect to financial instruments. An effective solution to automate the sentiment analysis of such large amounts of online financial texts would be extremely beneficial. This paper presents a natural language processing (NLP) based pre-processing approach both for noise removal from raw online financial texts and for organizing such texts into an enhanced format that is more usable for feature extraction. The proposed approach integrates six NLP processing steps, including a developed syntactic and semantic combined negation handling algorithm, to reduce noise in the online informal text. Three-class sentiment classification is also introduced in each system implementation. Experimental results show that the proposed pre-processing approach outperforms other pre-processing methods. The combined negation handling algorithm is also evaluated against three standard negation handling approaches.	2014	0.5
A comparison of the effect of feature selection and balancing strategies upon the sentiment classification of Portuguese News Stories	Sentiment classification of news stories using super- vised learning is a mature task in the field of Natural Language Processing. Supervised learning strategies rely upon training data to induce a classifier. Training data can be imbalanced, with typically the neutral class being the majority class. This imbalance can bias the induced classifier towards the majority class. Balanc- ing and feature selection can mitigate the effects of imbalanced data. This paper surveys a number of common balancing and feature selections techniques, and applies them to an imbalanced data set of manually labelled Brazilian agricultural news stories. The strategies were appraised with a 90:10 holdout evaluation and compared with a baseline strategy. We found that: 1. the feature selection strategies provided no identifiable advantage over a baseline method and 2. balancing produced an advantage over baseline with random oversampling producing the best results.	2014	0.5
Sentiment Lexicon Interpolation and Polarity Estimation of Objective and Out-Of-Vocabulary Words to Improve Sentiment Classification on Microblogging	Sentiment analysis has become an important classification task because a large amount of user-generated content is published over the Internet. Sentiment lexicons have been used successfully to classify the sentiment of user review datasets. More recently, microblog- ging services such as Twitter have become a popular data source in the domain of senti- ment analysis. However, analyzing sentiments on tweets is still difficult because tweets are very short and contain slang, informal expres- sions, emoticons, mistyping and many words not found in a dictionary. In addition, more than 90 percent of the words in public senti- ment lexicons, such as SentiWordNet, are ob- jective words, which are often considered less important in a classification module. In this paper, we introduce a hybrid approach that in- corporates sentiment lexicons into a machine learning approach to improve sentiment clas- sification in tweets. We automatically con- struct an Add-on lexicon that compiles the po- larity scores of objective words and out-of- vocabulary (OOV) words from tweet corpora. We also introduce a novel feature weight- ing method by interpolating sentiment lexi- con score into uni-gram vectors in the Support Vector Machine (SVM). Results of our exper- iment show that our method is effective and significantly improves the sentiment classifi- cation accuracy compared to a baseline uni- gram model.	2014	1
Sentiment classification of unstructured data using lexical based techniques	ABSTRACT  Sentiment analysis is the computational study of people鈥檚 opinion or feedback, attitudes, and emotions toward entities, individuals, issues, events, topics and their attributes. There are many research conducted for other languages such as English, Spanish, French, and German. However, lack of research is conducted to harvest the information in Malay words and structure them into a meaningful data. The objective of this paper is to introduce a lexical based method in analysing sentiment of Facebook comments in Malay. Three types of lexical based techniques are implemented in order to identify the sentiment of Facebook comments. The techniques used are term counting, term score summation and average on comments. The comparison of accuracy, precision and recall for all techniques are computed. The result shows that the average on comments method outperforms the other two techniques.	2015	0.6666666667
A Common Subspace Construction Method in Cross-Domain Sentiment Classification	In this paper, we study the problem of domain adaptation in sentiment classification. Many existing approaches reduce the gap by extracting domain-independent topics. However these methods couldnt cope with features which have different sentiments in different domains. To solve this problem, a common subspace construction method (CSC) is proposed in our paper. Firstly, the consistency of features' sentiment orientation in different domains is introduced to identify the common subspace. Then, domain-dependent features will be projected to this subspace. Empirical studies on benchmark tasks of sentiment analysis validate our assumption and demonstrated significant improvement of our method over competing ones in classification accuracies.	2015	0.6666666667
Co-training for Semi-supervised Sentiment Classification Based on Dual-view Bags-of-words Representation	Abstract A review text is normally represented as a bag-of-words (BOW) in sentiment classification. Such a simplified BOW model has fundamental deficiencies in modeling some complex linguistic phenomena such as negation. In this work, we propose a dual-view co-Training algorithm based on dual-view BOW representation for semisupervised sentiment classification. In dual-view BOW, we automatically construct antonymous reviews and model a review text by a pair of bags-of-words with opposite views. We make use of the original and antonymous views in pairs, in the training, bootstrapping and testing process, all based on a joint observation of two views. The experimental results demonstrate the advantages of our approach, in meeting the two co-Training requirements, addressing the negation problem, and enhancing the semi-supervised sentiment classification efficiency.	2015	0.6666666667
Exploiting dependency relations for sentence level sentiment classification using SVM	In the sentiment analysis, finding the subjective clues itself is a challenging task. In this work, we propose a new approach, which employs Support Vector Machine (SVM) for classification, exploits the dependency relations in a dependency tree coupled with a large lexicon resource obtained from twitter to create a feature vector. The experiment shows a significant improvement over the baseline approaches and results are on par with existing methods in two-class classification.	2015	0.6666666667
Physiological Signals based Day-Dependence Analysis with Metric Multidimensional Scaling for Sentiment Classification in Wearable Sensors	The interaction of the affective has emerged in implicit human-computer interaction. Given the physiological signals in the recognition process of the affective, the different positions by which the physiological signal sensors are installed in the body, along with the daily habits and moods of human beings, influence the affective physiological signals. The scalar product matrix was calculated in this study based on metric multidimensional scaling with dissimilarity matrix. Subsequently, the matrix of individual attribute reconstructs was obtained using the principal component factor. The method proposed in this study eliminates day dependence, reduces the effect of time in the physiological signals of the affective, and improves the accuracy of affection classification.	2015	0.6666666667
Sentiment classification using principal component analysis based neural network model	The rapid growth of online social media acts as a medium where people contribute their opinion and emotions as text messages. The messages include reviews and opinions on certain topics such as movie, book, product, politics and so on. Opinion mining refers to the application of natural language processing, computational linguistics, and text mining to identify or classify whether the opinion expressed in text message is positive or negative. Back Propagation Neural Networks is supervised machine learning methods that analyze data and recognize the patterns that are used for classification. This work focuses on binary classification to classify the text sentiment into positive and negative reviews. In this study Principal Component Analysis (PCA) is used to extract the principal components, to be used as predictors and back propagation neural network (BPN) have been employed as a classifier. The performance of PCA+ BPN and BPN without PCA has been compared using Receiver Operating Characteristics (ROC) analysis. The classifier is validated using 10-Fold cross validation. The result shows the effectiveness of BPN with PCA used as a feature reduction method for text sentiment classification.	2015	0.6666666667
Entity-Specific Sentiment Classification of Yahoo News Comments	Abstract:  Sentiment classification is widely used for product reviews and in online social media such as forums, Twitter, and blogs. However, the problem of classifying the sentiment of user comments on news sites has not been addressed yet. News sites cover a wide range of domains including politics, sports, technology, and entertainment, in contrast to other online social sites such as forums and review sites, which are specific to a particular domain. A user associated with a news site is likely to post comments on diverse topics (e.g., politics, smartphones, and sports) or diverse entities (e.g., Obama, iPhone, or Google). Classifying the sentiment of users tied to various entities may help obtain a holistic view of their personality, which could be useful in applications such as online advertising, content personalization, and political campaign planning. In this paper, we formulate the problem of entity-specific sentiment classification of comments posted on news articles in Yahoo News and propose novel features that are specific to news comments. Experimental results show that our models outperform state-of-the-art baselines.	2015	0.6666666667
A sentiment classification algorithm of Chinese comments based on multi features fusion	To solve the problem that semantic relationships between words can not be well analyzed in sentiment classification,a method for sentiment classification based on word2 vec and SVM is proposed to carry out the study of sentiment classification of E-commerce online reviews.First of all,we use word2 vec to cluster the similar features.And then,we train and classify the comment texts using word2 vec again and SVM.In the process,the lexicon-based and part-of-speech based feature selection methods are respectively adopted to generate the training file.We conduct the experiments on the data set of Chinese comments of jingdong.The experimental result indicates that the precision and recall of sentiment classification of using word2 vec again and SVM are superior to those of using the traditional optimalization method.	2015	0.6666666667
Using Stylometric Features for Sentiment Classification	This paper is a comparative study about text feature extraction methods in statistical learning of sentiment classification. Feature extraction is one of the most important steps in classification systems. We use stylometry to compare with TF-IDF and Delta TF-IDF baseline methods in sentiment classification. Stylometry is a research area of Linguistics that uses statistical techniques to analyze literary style. In order to assess the viability of the stylometry, we create a corpus of product reviews from the most traditional online service in Portuguese, namely, Buscap茅. We gathered 2000 review about Smartphones. We use three classifiers, Support Vector Machine (SVM), Naive Bayes, and J48 to evaluate whether the stylometry has higher accuracy than the TF-IDF and Delta TF-IDF methods in sentiment classification. We found the better result with the SVM classifier (82,75%) of accuracy with stylometry and (72,62%) with Delta TF-IDF and (56,25%) with TF-IDF. The results show that stylometry is quite feasible method for sentiment classification, outperforming the accuracy of the baseline methods. We may emphasize that approach used has promising results.	2015	0.6666666667
Sentiment Classification Analysis of Chinese Microblog Network	In recent years, more and more people begin to publish information on online social platforms like Sina Weibo. Via the facilities like posting tweets, retweeting tweets and making comments provided by Weibo service, users can easily express their feelings, giving opinions and make interactions with their friends in real time. Sentiment analysis of Weibo messages is important for the analysis of human sentiment. The characteristics of Chinese microblogs bring difficulty in sentiment classification. In this paper, an effective Chinese microblogs sentiment classification model based on Naive Bayes is proposed. Two strategies to do the three sentiment polarities classification are compared and the two-step strategy performs better than the one-step strategy.	2015	0.6666666667
Topic-Dependent Sentiment Classification on Twitter	In this paper, we investigate how discovering the topic dicussed in a tweet can be used to improve its sentiment classification. In particular, a classifier is introduced consisting of a topic-specific classifier, which is only trained on tweets of the same topic of the given tweet, and a generic classifier, which is trained on all the tweets in the training set. The set of considered topics is obtained by clustering the hashtags that occur in the training set. A classifier is then used to estimate the topic of a previously unseen tweet. Experimental results based on a public Twitter dataset show that considering topic-specific sentiment classifiers indeed leads to an improvement.	2015	0.6666666667
Sentiment Classification Analysis of Chinese Microblog Network	In recent years, more and more people begin to publish information on online social platforms like Sina Weibo. Via the facilities like posting tweets, retweeting tweets and making comments provided by Weibo service, users can easily express their feelings, giving opinions and make interactions with their friends in real time. Sentiment analysis of Weibo messages is important for the analysis of human sentiment. The characteristics of Chinese microblogs bring difficulty in sentiment classification. In this paper, an effective Chinese microblogs sentiment classification model based on Naive Bayes is proposed. Two strategies to do the three sentiment polarities classification are compared and the two-step strategy performs better than the one-step strategy.	2015	0.6666666667
Uyghur Text Sentiment Classification Based on Discriminative Keyword Model	This paper presents a classification approach for Uyghur text sentiment,such as angry and happy,based on discriminative key word extraction. Combined with the characteristics of sentiment expression in Uyghur text,the term frequency and document frequency are derived as primary statistics. Various discriminative statistics which reflect the discrepancy of the positive and negative sentiment datasets are derived from the primary statistics for each vocabulary word,and are used to extract discriminative key words. Features are extracted based on these keywords and are used to train discriminative sentiment models. This paper builds a sentiment text database by excerpting two sentiments:angriness and happiness from Uyghur movie transcriptions and novels,and verifies the proposed approach.Experimental results show that the method based on discriminative keyword extraction is effective in Uyghur text sentence sentiment classification.	2014	0.5
Lexicon based approach for sentiment classification of user reviews	With the advent of web, online user reviews are getting more and more attention of the researchers because valuable information about products and services are available on social media like twitter1. These reviews are very helpful for organizations as well as for new customers showing interest in these products or services. But this data is generated in tremendous amount which is out of control of manual mining methods. These reviews need a model that has the ability to gauge these shared reviews according to predefined categories. This work introduces a rule based approach to find the opinion classification of reviews. The system can automatically crawl reviews from social media sites, classify these reviews as subjective and objective and then calculate polarity score for subjective reviews at word level. This method shows impressive results and out-performs the baseline method by achieving 86% and 82% accuracy at feedback and sentence level respectively for comments and 96% at feedback and 85 % at sentences for reviews.	2014	0.5
Research of Unbalance Sentiment Classification Based on Denoising Autoencoders	Currently,the network comments sentiment classification studies usually use unbalanced sample data in which the number of positive samples generally much larger than the negative sample. That imbalance sample classification is prone to minority class large error. In addition the network comments expression varied,it is difficult to get a large number of supervised data. In order to solver these problems,the Web reviews imbalance unsupervised sentiment classification is studied. First,through improving the Denoising Autoencoders,minority class characteristic value is increased to avoid the majority class classification sample deviation. Then the eigenvalues is put in k-means algorithm as input values to achieve unsupervised classification. Experimental results show that the algorithm has a good adaptability for higher imbalance sample data,and verify the effectiveness of the algorithm.	2014	0.5
SentReP: Sentiment Classification of Movie Reviews using Efficient Repetitive Pre-Processing	Opinions are highly essential for decision making and popular among the internet users. People with malicious intentions tend to give fake reviews to encourage or degrade the products. Reviewing movies is gaining popularity among web users, at the same time cannot be trusted. In this work, we propose a model Sentiment Classification of Movie Reviews using Efficient Repetitive Pre-processing (SentReP) that is based on tested parameters and a focused pre-processing technique to classify opinions. Working on the Cornell Movie review data set, this work significantly proves the accuracy and effectiveness of SentReP across different volumes of data and when compared to other different prevailing approaches. Overall this approach is very efficient in analyzing sentiments of movie reviews.	2014	0.5
Machine learning algorithms for opinion mining and sentiment classification	In this paper we introduce an efficient stochastic method to solve the time evolution of a bivariate population balance equation which has been developed for modelling nano-particle dynamics. We have adapted the existing stochastic models used in the study of coagulation dynamics to solve a variant of the sintering-coagulation equation proposed by Xiong & Pratsinis. Hitherto stochastic models based on Markov jump processes have not taken into account the surface area evolution. We produce numerical results efficiently with the direct simulation and mass flow algorithms and study the convergence behaviour as the number of stochastic particles increases. We find a marked preference for using the mass flow algorithm to determine the higher order volume and area moments of the particle size distribution function. The computational efficiency of these algorithms is remarkable when compared to the sectional method that has been used previously to study this equation.	2014	0.5
Semantic weight-based naive Bayesian algorithm for text sentiment classification	Summary: To solve the drawback that the precision of the document-level sentiment classification is lower than that of the normal text classification, this paper proposes a semantic weight-based naive Bayesian algorithm for text sentiment classification. First, the words in an emotion dictionary are scored and weighted by using a feature selection method. Second, based on the correlation between the distribution of dictionary polar and the document-level sentiment classification, the semantic weight feature is merged into naive Bayesian classification and a new algorithm is achieved. Finally, lots of experiments on some standard Chinese data sets are performed. Results show that this algorithm is better than some existing algorithms on precision, recall, and $F_1$-measure.	2014	0.5
Pre-processing online financial text for sentiment classification: A natural language processing approach	Online financial textual information contains a large amount of investor sentiment, i.e. subjective assessment and discussion with respect to financial instruments. An effective solution to automate the sentiment analysis of such large amounts of online financial texts would be extremely beneficial. This paper presents a natural language processing (NLP) based pre-processing approach both for noise removal from raw online financial texts and for organizing such texts into an enhanced format that is more usable for feature extraction. The proposed approach integrates six NLP processing steps, including a developed syntactic and semantic combined negation handling algorithm, to reduce noise in the online informal text. Three-class sentiment classification is also introduced in each system implementation. Experimental results show that the proposed pre-processing approach outperforms other pre-processing methods. The combined negation handling algorithm is also evaluated against three standard negation handling approaches.	2014	0.5
A comparison of the effect of feature selection and balancing strategies upon the sentiment classification of Portuguese News Stories	Sentiment classification of news stories using super- vised learning is a mature task in the field of Natural Language Processing. Supervised learning strategies rely upon training data to induce a classifier. Training data can be imbalanced, with typically the neutral class being the majority class. This imbalance can bias the induced classifier towards the majority class. Balanc- ing and feature selection can mitigate the effects of imbalanced data. This paper surveys a number of common balancing and feature selections techniques, and applies them to an imbalanced data set of manually labelled Brazilian agricultural news stories. The strategies were appraised with a 90:10 holdout evaluation and compared with a baseline strategy. We found that: 1. the feature selection strategies provided no identifiable advantage over a baseline method and 2. balancing produced an advantage over baseline with random oversampling producing the best results.	2014	0.5
Sentiment Classification In Hindi	Abstract : Traditional approaches for classification of sentiments depend on lexical or syntax based feature or on both. Different methods for sentiments classifications are described .The main goal of analysis of the sentiments is to obtain the writer's feelings whether +ve or -ve.Sentiment Analysis is having its importance because in this world of Internet the opinion of public is very important.So the need for analysis of sentiment is increasing heavily.Keywords: Corpus, WordNet, Sentiments, Synset, Disambiguation	2014	0.5
Sentiment Classification of News Articles	The advent use of new online social media such as articles, blogs, message boards, news channels, and in general Web content has dramatically changed the way people look at various things around them. Today, it's a daily practice for many people to read news online. People's perspective tends to undergo a change as per the news content they read. The majority of the content that we read today is on the negative aspects of various things e.g. corruption, rapes, thefts etc. Reading such news is spreading negativity amongst the people. Positive news seems to have gone into a hiding. The positivity surrounding the good news has been drastically reduced by the number of bad news. This has made a great practical use of Sentiment Analysis and there has been more innovation in this area in recent days. Sentiment analysis refers to a broad range of fields of text mining, natural language processing and computational linguistics. It traditionally emphasizes on classification of text document into positive and negative categories. Sentiment analysis of any text document has emerged as the most useful application in the area of sentiment analysis. The objective of this project is to provide a platform for serving good news and create a positive environment. This is achieved by finding the sentiments of the news articles and filtering out the negative articles. This would enable us to focus only on the good news which will help spread positivity around and would allow people to think positively.	2014	0.5
Sentiment Classification of Chinese Reviews in Different Domain: A Comparative Study	With the rapid development of micro-blog, blog and other types of social media, users’ reviews on the social media increase dramatically. Users’ reviews mining plays an important role in the application of product information or public opinion monitoring. Sentiment classification of users’ reviews is one of key issues in the review mining. Comparative study on sentiment classification results of reviews in different domains and the adaptability of sentiment classification methods is an interesting research topic. This paper classifies users’ reviews in three different domains based on Support Vector Machine with six kinds of feature weighting methods. Experiment results in three domains indicate that different domains have their own characteristics and the selection of feature weighting methods should consider the domain characteristics.	2014	0.5
Semi-supervised Sentiment Classification with Self-training on Feature Subspaces	In sentiment classification, labeled data is often limited while unlabeled data is ample. This motivates semi-supervised learning for sentiment classification to improve the performance by exploring the knowledge in unlabeled data. In this paper, we analyze the possibility and the difficulty of semi-supervised sentiment classification and indicate that noisy features may be the main reason for badly influencing the performance. To overcome this problem, we propose a novel self-training approach where multiple feature subspace-based classifiers are utilized to explore a set of good features for better classification decision and to select the informative samples for automatically labeling. Evaluation over multiple data sets shows the effectiveness of our self-training approach for semi-supervised sentiment classification.	2014	0.5
ARTFSC – Average Relative Term Frequency Sentiment Classification	Sentiment Classification refers to the computational techniques for classifying whether the sentiments of text are positive or negative. Statistical Techniques based on Term Presence and Term Frequency, using Support Vector Machine are popularly used for Sentiment Classification. This paper presents an approach for classifying a term as positive or negative based on its average frequency in positively tagged documents in comparison with negatively tagged documents. Our approach is based on term weighting techniques that are used for information retrieval and sentiment classification. It differs significantly from these traditional methods due to our model of logarithmic differential average term distribution for sentiment classification. Terms with emnearly/em equal distribution in positively tagged documents and negatively tagged documents were classified as a Senti-stop-word and discarded. The proportional distribution of a term to be classified as Senti-stop-word was determined experimentally. Our model was evaluated by comparing it with state of art techniques for sentiment classification using the movie review dataset.	2014	0.5
Low-Resource Cross-Domain Product Review Sentiment Classification Based on a CNN with an Auxiliary Large-Scale Corpus	The literature [-5]contains several reports evaluating the abilities of deep neural networks in text transfer learning. To our knowledge, however, there have been few efforts to fully realize the potential of deep neural networks in cross-domain product review sentiment classification. In this paper, we propose a two-layer convolutional neural network (CNN) for cross-domain product review sentiment classification (LM-CNN-LB). Transfer learning research into product review sentiment classification based on deep neural networks has been limited by the lack of a large-scale corpus; we sought to remedy this problem using a large-scale auxiliary cross-domain dataset collected from Amazon product reviews. Our proposed framework exhibits the dramatic transferability of deep neural networks for cross-domain product review sentiment classification and achieves state-of-the-art performance. The framework also outperforms complex engineered features used with a non-deep neural network method. The experiments demonstrate that introducing large-scale data from similar domains is an effective way to resolve the lack of training data. The LM-CNN-LB trained on the multi-source related domain dataset outperformed the one trained on a single similar domain.	2017	1
Cross-Domain Sentiment Classification via Topic-Related TrAdaBoost	Cross-domain sentiment classification aims to tag sentiments for a target domain by labeled data from a source domain. Due to the difference between domains, the accuracy of a trained classifier may be very low. In this paper, we propose a boosting-based learning framework named TR-TrAdaBoost for cross-domain sentiment classification. We firstly explore the topic distribution of documents, and then combine it with the unigram TrAdaBoost. The topic distribution captures the domain information of documents, which is valuable for cross-domain sentiment classification. Experimental results indicate that TR-TrAdaBoost represents documents well and boost the performance and robustness of TrAdaBoost.	2017	1
Linguistically Regularized LSTM for Sentiment Classification	Endowing a chatbot with personality or an identity is quite challenging but critical to deliver more realistic and natural conversations. In this paper, we address the issue of generating responses that are coherent to a pre-specified agent profile. We design a model consisting of three modules: a profile detector to decide whether a post should be responded using the profile and which key.	2017	1
From Opinion Lexicons to Sentiment Classification of Tweets and Vice Versa: A Transfer Learning Approach	Message-level and word-level polarity classification are two popular tasks in Twitter sentiment analysis. They have been commonly addressed by training supervised models from labelled data. The main limitation of these models is the high cost of data annotation. Transferring existing labels from a related problem domain is one possible solution for this problem. In this paper, we propose a simple model for transferring sentiment labels from words to tweets and vice versa by representing both tweets and words using feature vectors residing in the same feature space. Tweets are represented by standard NLP features such as unigrams and part-of-speech tags. Words are represented by averaging the vectors of the tweets in which they occur. We evaluate our approach in two transfer learning problems: 1) training a tweet-level polarity classifier from a polarity lexicon, and 2) inducing a polarity lexicon from a collection of polarity-annotated tweets. Our results show that the proposed approach can successfully classify words and tweets after transfer.	2017	1
Particle swarm optimization-based feature selection in sentiment classification	Abstract Sentiment classification is one of the important tasks in text mining, which is to classify documents according to their opinion or sentiment. Documents in sentiment classification can be represented in the form of feature vectors, which are employed by machine learning algorithms to perform classification. For the feature vectors, the feature selection process is necessary. In this paper, we will propose a feature selection method called fitness proportionate selection binary particle swarm optimization (F-BPSO). Binary particle swarm optimization (BPSO) is the binary version of particle swam optimization and can be applied to feature selection domain. F-BPSO is a modification of BPSO and can overcome the problems of traditional BPSO including unreasonable update formula of velocity and lack of evaluation on every single feature. Then, some detailed changes are made on the original F-BPSO including using fitness sum instead of average fitness in the fitness proportionate selection step. The modified method is, thus, called fitness sum proportionate selection binary particle swarm optimization (FS-BPSO). Moreover, further modifications are made on the FS-BPSO method to make it more suitable for sentiment classification-oriented feature selection domain. The modified method is named as SCO-FS-BPSO where SCO stands for 鈥渟entiment classification-oriented鈥. Experimental results show that in benchmark datasets original F-BPSO is superior to traditional BPSO in feature selection performance and FS-BPSO outperforms original F-BPSO. Besides, in sentiment classification domain, SCO-FS-BPSO which is modified specially for sentiment classification is superior to traditional feature selection methods on subjective consumer review datasets.	2016	0.5
Word Embeddings and Convolutional Neural Network for Arabic Sentiment Classification	With the development and the advancement of social networks, forums, blogs and online sales, a growing number of Arabs are expressing their opinions on the web. In this paper, a scheme of Arabic sentiment classification, which evaluates and detects the sentiment polarity from Arabic reviews and Arabic social media, is studied. We investigated in several architectures to build a quality neural word embeddings using a 3.4 billion words corpus from a collected 10 billion words web-crawled corpus. Moreover, a convolutional neural network trained on top of pre- trained Arabic word embeddings is used for sentiment classification to evaluate the quality of these word embeddings. The simulation results show that the proposed scheme outperforms the existed methods on 4 out of 5 balanced and unbalanced datasets.	2016	0.5
A Deep Neural Architecture for Sentence-level Sentiment Classification in Twitter Social Networking	This paper introduces a novel deep learning framework including a lexicon-based approach for sentence-level prediction of sentiment label distribution. We propose to first apply semantic rules and then use a Deep Convolutional Neural Network (DeepCNN) for character-level embeddings in order to increase information for word-level embedding. After that, a Bidirectional Long Short-Term Memory Network (Bi-LSTM) produces a sentence-wide feature representation from the word-level embedding. We evaluate our approach on three Twitter sentiment classification datasets. Experimental results show that our model can improve the classification accuracy of sentence-level sentiment analysis in Twitter social networking.	2017	1
UofL at SemEval-2016 Task 4: Multi Domain word2vec for Twitter Sentiment Classification	In this paper, we present a transfer learning sys- tem for twitter sentiment classification and compare its performance using different fea- ture sets that include different word represen- tation vectors. We utilized data from a different source domain to increase the performance of our system in the target domain. Our approach was based on training various word2vec mod- els on data from the source and target domains combined, then using these models to calculate the average word vector of all the word vectors in a tweet observation, then input the average word vector as a feature to our classifiers for training. We further developed one doc2vec model that was trained on the positive, nega- tive and neutral tweets in the target domain only. We then used these models in calculating the average word vector for every tweet in the training set as a preprocessing step. The final evaluation results show that our approach gave a prediction accuracy on the Twitter2016 test dataset that outperformed two teams that were among the top 10 in terms of AvgF1 scores.	2016	0.5
YZU-NLP Team at SemEval-2016 Task 4: Ordinal Sentiment Classification Using a Recurrent Convolutional Network	Sentiment analysis of tweets has attracted considerable attention recently for potential use in commercial and public sector applica- tions. Typical sentiment analysis classifies the sentiment of sentences into several discrete classes (e.g., positive and negative). The aim of Task 4 subtask C of SemEval-2016 is to classify the sentiment of tweets into an ordinal five-point scale. In this paper, we present a system that uses word embeddings and recur- rent convolutional networks to complete the competition task. The word embeddings pro- vide a continuous vector representation of words for the recurrent convolutional network to use in building sentence vectors for multi- point classification. The proposed method ranked second among eleven teams in terms of micro-averaged MAE (mean absolute error) and eighth for macro-averaged MAE.	2016	0.5
LyS at SemEval-2016 Task 4: Exploiting Neural Activation Values for Twitter Sentiment Classification and Quantification	Abstract In this paper we describe our deep learning approach for solving both two-, three- and fiveclass tweet polarity classification, and twoand five-class quantification. We first trained a convolutional neural network using pretrained Twitter word embeddings, so that we could extract the hidden activation values from the hidden layers once some input had been fed to the network. These values were then used as features for a support vector machine in both the classification and quantification subtasks, together with additional linguistic information in the former scenario. The results obtained for the classification subtasks show that this approach performs better than a single convolutional network, and for the quantification part it also yields good results. Official rankings locate us: 2nd (practically tied with 1st) for the binary classification task, 2nd for binary quantification and 4th (practically tied with 3rd) for the five-class polarity classification challenge.	2016	0.5
Sentiment Classification based on Domain Prediction	Sentiment classification has received increasing attention in recent years. Supervised learning methods for sentiment classification require considerable amount of labeled data for training purposes. As the number of domains increases, the task of collecting data becomes impractical. Therefore, domain adaptation techniques are employed. However, most of the studies dealing with the domain adaptation problem demand a few amount of labeled data or lots of unlabeled data belonging to the target domain, which may not be always possible. In this work, a novel method for sentiment classification, which does not require labeled and/or unlabeled data from the target domain, is proposed. The propose method mainly consists of two stages. At first, the target domain is predicted even if it is not among the source domains in hand. Then, sentiment is classified as either positive or negative using the sentiment classifier specifically trained for the predicted domain. Extensive experimental analysis on two different datasets with distinct languages and domains verifies that the proposed method is superior to the domain independent sentiment classification approach at each case considered.  DOI:  http://dx.doi.org/10.5755/j01.eie.22.2.14599	2016	0.5
A New Method for Sentiment Classification on Weibo	ABSTRACT: Sentiment classification of posts on Weibo is a key to analyse people's opinions and attitudes toward prod- ucts, services, and social events. It is also at the core of many other natural language processing tasks. In this paper, we apply a new feature representation technique to building a sentiment classifier and classifying the posts. Firstly, we crawled a set of posts from Weibo and labelled them. Then, we cleaned the data to remove the noisy information and transformed the varying-length posts into fixed-sized input vectors based on five different feature engineering tech- niques. Finally, we evaluated the performances of the five different feature representation techniques on a same data set with the use of support vector machines, naive Bayes and classification and regression tree. Experimental results demon- strate that our new method is efficient and outperforms the other ones.	2016	0.5
Sentiment Classification of Consumer-Generated Online Reviews Using Topic Modeling	Abstract The development of the Internet and mobile devices enabled the emergence of travel and hospitality review sites, leading to a large number of customer opinion posts. While such comments may influence future demand of the targeted hotels, they can also be used by hotel managers to improve customer experience. In this article, sentiment classification of an eco-hotel is assessed through a text mining approach using several different sources of customer reviews. The latent Dirichlet allocation modeling algorithm is applied to gather relevant topics that characterize a given hospitality issue by a sentiment. Several findings were unveiled including that hotel food generates ordinary positive sentiments, while hospitality generates both ordinary and strong positive feelings. Such results are valuable for hospitality management, validating the proposed approach.	2017	1
Deep Neural Network for Short-Text Sentiment Classification	As a concise medium to describe events, short text plays an important role to convey the opinions of users. The classification of user emotions based on short text has been a significant topic in social.	2016	0.5
Study of Sentiment Classification for Chinese Microblog Based on Recurrent Neural Network	The sentiment classification of Chinese Microblog is a meaningful topic. Many studies has been done based on the methods of rule and word-bag, and to understand the structure information of a sentence will be the next target. We proposed a sentiment classifica-tion method based on Recurrent neural network (RNN). We adopted the technology of distributed word represen-tation to construct a vector for each word in a sentence;then train sentence vectors with fixed dimension for dif-ferent length sentences with RNN, so that the sentence vectors contain both word semantic features and word se-quence features; at last use softmax regression classifier in the output layer to predict each sentence鈥檚 sentiment ori-entation. Experiment results revealed that our method can understand the structure information of negative sentence and double negative sentence and achieve better accuracy. The way of calculating sentence vector can help to learn the deep structure of sentence and will be valuable for dif-ferent research area.	2016	0.5
A teaching evaluation method based on sentiment classification	Abstract Teaching evaluation is an important part of the teaching process, and is an effective measure to improve teaching method. In order to automatically analyse the massive teaching evaluation texts on internet, this paper proposes to apply the sentiment classification technology to the sentiment analysis of teaching evaluation texts, and introduces a teaching evaluation analysis method based on the sentiment dictionary. In order to deal with the problem of the frequent appearance of new words in these texts, propose a method to recognize the new words automatically, and then use these recognised words to expand the sentiment dictionary. Experimental results show that the sentiment classification based on the expanded sentiment dictionary increases the recall rate of the system successfully, which brings the improvement of the overall performance of the teaching evaluation analysis system.	2016	0.5
STING Algorithm Used English Sentiment Classification in a Parallel Environment	Sentiment classification is significant in everyday life of everyone, in political activities, activities of commodity production, commercial activities. In this research, we propose a new model for Big Data sentiment classification in the parallel network environment. Our new model uses STING Algorithm (SA) (in the data mining field) for English document-level sentiment classification with Hadoop Map (M)/Reduce (R) based on the 90,000 English sentences of the training data set in a Cloudera parallel network environment 鈥 a distributed system. In the world there is not any scientific study which is similar to this survey. Our new model can classify sentiment of millions of English documents with the shortest execution time in the parallel network environment. We test our new model on the 25,000 English documents of the testing data set and achieved on 61.2% accuracy. Our English training data set includes 45,000 positive English sentences and 45,000 negative English sentences.	2017	1
Data properties and the performance of sentiment classification for electronic commerce applications	Abstract Sentiment classification has played an important role in various research area including e-commerce applications and a number of advanced Computational Intelligence techniques including machine learning and computational linguistics have been proposed in the literature for improved sentiment classification results. While such studies focus on improving performance with new techniques or extending existing algorithms based on previously used dataset, few studies provide practitioners with insight on what techniques are better for their datasets that have different properties. This paper applies four different sentiment classification techniques from machine learning (Na茂ve Bayes, SVM and Decision Tree) and sentiment orientation approaches to datasets obtained from various sources (IMDB, Twitter, Hotel review, and Amazon review datasets) to learn how different data properties including dataset size, length of target documents, and subjectivity of data affect the performance of those techniques. The results of computational experiments confirm the sensitivity of the techniques on data properties including training data size, the document length and subjectivity of training /test data in the improvement of performances of techniques. The theoretical and practical implications of the findings are discussed.	2017	1
Building thesaurus lexicon using dictionary-based approach for sentiment classification	Sentiment classification categorizes people's opinions from the data. Nowadays, people express their personal interests, feelings, and opinions on social media, and the posts on social media are frequently used as the data for sentiment classification. One of the sentiment classification approaches is a dictionary-based approach. A traditional dictionary-based sentiment classification approach uses word matching based on the lexicon. However, many posts cannot be analyzed by traditional dictionary-based sentiment classifier due to the absence of the sentiment words in the lexicon. For this reason, it is needed to expand the lexicon so that the lexicon can contain the words. In this paper, we propose a method to build thesaurus lexicon using dictionary-based approach for the sentiment classification. The proposed method uses three online dictionaries to collect thesauruses based on the seed words, and stores only co-occurrence words into the thesaurus lexicon in order to improve the reliability of the thesaurus lexicon. Also, this method recursively collects thesauruses which are a set of synonyms and antonyms to expand the thesaurus lexicon. This recursive thesaurus collection provides effective expansion of the lexicon from small set without the use of human resource, and the expanded thesaurus lexicon is used to increase availability of posts and used to increase accuracy of the sentiment classification.	2016	0.5
A Comparative Study of Feature Selection and Machine Learning Methods for Sentiment Classification on Movie Data Set	Sentiment analysis has become a leading research domain with the advent of Web 2.0 where Web users express their opinions in user forums, blogs, discussion boards, and review sites. The online information is considered to be a valuable source for decision making, improving the quality of service, and helping the service providers to enhance their competitiveness. Since the processing of high-dimensional text data is not scalable, different feature selection mechanisms are being used to confine the study to only most informative features. These features are then used to train the classifier to improve the accuracy of sentiment-based classification. This paper explores six feature selection mechanisms (IG, GR, CHI, OneR, Relief-F, and SAE) with five different machine learning classifiers (SVM, NB, DT, K-NN, and ME) thereby providing Accuracy, on the movie review data set for each. Comparative results show that Naive Bayes (NB) outperforms other classifiers and works better for Gain Ratio (GR) and Significance Attribute Evaluation (SAE) feature selection method.	2015	0.3333333333
Review-Level Sentiment Classification with Sentence-Level Polarity Correction	We propose an effective technique to solving review-level sentiment classification problem by using sentence-level polarity correction. Our polarity correction technique takes into account the consistency of the polarities (positive and negative) of sentences within each product review before performing the actual machine learning task. While sentences with inconsistent polarities are removed, sentences with consistent polarities are used to learn state-of-the-art classifiers. The technique achieved better results on different types of products reviews and outperforms baseline models without the correction technique. Experimental results show an average of 82% F-measure on four different product review domains.	2015	0.3333333333
Hybrid model based sentiment classification of Chinese micro-blog	Through analysis and study of emotional characteristics in Chinese micro-blog, such as Sina Weibo, this paper proposed a multidimensional sentiment classification method based on micro-blog emoticon by dividing micro-blog into 7 types of emotions categories: happiness, fondness, sorrow, anger, fear, detestation and surprise. We used predefined micro-blog emoticon sets to initial screen large-scale unmarked data, and automatically labeled them, then used this emotional corpus as training set to train the emotion classifier, which divided micro-blog data into multiple emotion categories. The experimental results show that accuracy rate of using unigram model for each class can reach 63.7%. And the adoption of different feature selection methods for Support Vector Machines and Naive Bias classifier experiment, by which the obtained accuracy rate and recall rate has reached higher than 71%.	2015	0.3333333333
No sentiment is an Island: Sentiment classification on medical forums	ABSTRACT  In this study we propose a new method to classify sentiments in messages posted on online forums. Traditionally, sentiment classification relies on analysis of emotionally-charged words and discourse units found in the classified text. In coherent online discussions, however, messages’ non-lexical meta-information can be sufficient to achieve reliable classification results. Our empirical evidence is obtained through multi-class classification of messages posted on a medical forum.	2015	0.3333333333
Sentiment Classification with Graph Sparsity Regularization	Text representation is a preprocessing step in building a classifier for sentiment analysis. But in vector space model (VSM) or bag-of -features (BOF) model, features are independent of each other when to learn a classifier model. In this paper, we firstly explore the text graph structure which can represent the structural features in natural language text. Different to the BOF model, by directly embedding the features into a graph, we propose a graph sparsity regularization method which can make use of the the graph embedded features. Our proposed method can encourage a sparse model with a small number of features connected by a set of paths. The experiments on sentiment classification demonstrate our proposed method can get better results comparing with other methods. Qualitative discussion also shows that our proposed method with graph-based representation is interpretable and effective in sentiment classification task.	2015	0.3333333333
Sentiment classification for Turkish Twitter feeds using LDA	Today, people are able to express their opinions and ideas on any subject using personal blogs or a variety of social media environments. Contents shared by users with each passing day increases the data size on the web but this situation is a complication for meaningful information extraction. Therefore, sentiment analysis studies aimed at automatically obtaining meaningful information from social media content showed a significant increase in recent years. In these studies, automatically analyzing the content of messages and identifying sentiment such as positive, neutral, negative etc. are intended. In this study, a system has been proposed for analyzing sentiment of Turkish Twitter feeds. In addition, sentiment classification which is a leading problem for sentiment analysis studies has been performed using topic modeling and the effect of modeling on results are examined. The topic model has been created using LDA (Latent Dirichlet Allocation) algorithm. Experimental results obtained with different feature extraction model and classifiers. The results show that topic modeling is more successful compared to the methods used in the previous studies. Also, sentiment classification based on topic model knowledge has been found to increase sentiment analysis success by %26 compared to our previous work.	2016	0.5
Sentiment classification for unlabeled dataset using Doc2Vec with JST	Supervised learning require sentiment labeled corpus for training. But it is hard to apply automatic sentiment classification system to new domain because labeled dataset construction costs a lot of time. Meanwhile, researches using Doc2vec based document representation beat out other sentiment classification researches. However, these document representation methods only represent documents' context or sentiment. In this paper, we proposed supervised learning scheme for unlabeled corpus and also proposed document representation method which can simultaneously represent documents' context and sentiment.	2016	0.5
A new sentiment classification method based on hybrid classification in Twitter	Social media including Twitter create a space for expression and dissemination of thoughts and opinions on various topics and various events and they have created opportunity to apply theories and technology leading to search and explore the trends. Mining stream data needs to be balanced in three different branches: accuracy, time and memory. The optimal accuracy rate has obtained in the stream data using stochastic gradient descent algorithm. In this paper, we show that replacing the stochastic gradient descent algorithm in tree leaves causes improvement and reliability of the forecast. The proposed algorithm, Hoeffding stochastic gradient descent, has not changed the time while increasing the accuracy. Studies on the tweets that have been randomly selected shows that the proposed algorithm outperforms when assessing the sentiment stream data.	2016	0.5
An ensemble method for unbalanced sentiment classification	Current binary sentiment classification has been focusing on improving the performance of classification, while the imbalance of sentiment data set in practical applications, which means the number of samples in one category is several folds of that of another category, is neglected. Most study on sentiment classification has been done on the balanced data, so these methods perform well on balanced data, while are unable to maintain the same performance on unbalanced data set. This paper proposed a method for unbalanced sentiment classification that combines unbalanced classification method and ensemble learning technique. Both algorithm and data set are considered to enhance the classification performance of imbalance sentiment data set. Under the framework of ensemble learning, this hybrid method integrates three different methods: under-sampling, bootstrap re-sampling and random feature selection to process the data set. Experiments on the unbalanced data set prove that this ensemble method can improve the classification performance of unbalanced sentiment data set.	2016	0.5
Hierarchical micro-blog sentiment classification based on feature fusion	Sentiment classification is an important issue of opinion mining. It has a high application value to classify sentiment in micro-blogs. As traditional feature selection method has semantic gap, a neural network language model was used to propose a deep feature representation method based on probability model to distribute weight to the word vector. Using this method, text semantic vector could be built. In order to avoid the semantic gap, the deep features and shallow features of text were integrated and feature vector that contained semantic information was constructed. With SVM hierarchical classification model, a variety of sentiments could be classified. Experimental results show that the hierarchical sentiment classification method based on feature fusion can improve the accuracy of sentiment classification in micro-blogs.	2016	0.5
Cross-lingual sentiment classification: Similarity discovery plus training data adjustment	The performance of cross-lingual sentiment classification is sharply limited by the language gap, which means that each language has its own ways to express sentiments. Many methods have been designed to transmit sentiment information across languages by making use of machine translation, parallel corpora, auxiliary unlabeled samples and other resources. In this paper, a new approach is proposed based on the selection of training data, where labeled samples highly similar to the target language are put into the training set. The refined training samples are used to build up an effective cross-lingual sentiment classifier focusing on the target language. The proposed approach contains two major strategies: the aligned-translation topic model and the semi-supervised training data adjustment. The aligned-translation topic model provides a cross-language representation space in which the semi-supervised training data adjustment procedure attempts to select effective training samples to eliminate the negative influence of the semantic distribution differences between the original and target languages. The experiments show that the proposed approach is feasible for cross-language sentiment classification tasks and provides insight into the semantic relationship between two different languages.	2016	0.5
Improving Twitter Sentiment Classification via Multi-Level Sentiment-Enriched Word Embeddings	Most of existing work learn sentiment-specific word representation for improving Twitter sentiment classification, which encoded both n-gram and distant supervised tweet sentiment information in learning process. They assume all words within a tweet have the same sentiment polarity as the whole tweet, which ignores the word its own sentiment polarity. To address this problem, we propose to learn sentiment-specific word embedding by exploiting both lexicon resource and distant supervised information. We develop a multi-level sentiment-enriched word embedding learning method, which uses parallel asymmetric neural network to model n-gram, word level sentiment and tweet level sentiment in learning process. Experiments on standard benchmarks show our approach outperforms state-of-the-art methods.	2016	0.5
Adding CNNs to the Mix: Stacking models for sentiment classification	In the recent years, sentiment analysis has emerged as a major research problem in the field of Natural Language Processing. Here, the problem is to identify the sentiment/emotion in given sentence/paragraph. Usually it is positive, negative and neutral. Here, we consider only binary classification task (positive and negative). We have considered the best performing sentiment analysis model which is a ensemble of NB-SVM, Paragraph2Vec and RNN. We added CNN into this stacking model and showed that our ensemble model perform better than the existing one. We achieved the state of the art performance on IMDB Movie review dataset, Stanford sentiment treebank dataset (SST) and Elec reviews dataset.	2017	1
SWATCS65: Sentiment Classification Using an Ensemble of Class Projects	This paper presents the SWATCS65 ensem- ble classifier used to identify the sentiment of tweets. The classifier was trained and tested using data provided by Semeval-2015, Task 10, subtask B with the goal to label the sen- timent of an entire tweet. The ensemble was constructed from 26 classifiers, each written by a group of one to three undergraduate stu- dents in the Fall 2014 offering of a natural lan- guage processing course at Swarthmore Col- lege. Each of the classifiers was designed in- dependently, though much of the early struc- ture was provided by in-class lab assignments. There was high variability in the final perfor- mance of each of these classifiers, which were combined using a weighted voting scheme with weights correlated with performance us- ing 5-fold cross-validation on the provided training data. The system performed very well, achieving an F1 score of 61.89.	2015	0.3333333333
Cross-domain text sentiment classification based on grouping-adaboost ensemble	In the cross-domain sentiment classification, the labeled data in the target domain is often scarce and precious. To solve this problem, this paper proposes a grouping-AdaBoost ensemble classifier method by comprehensively using the strategies and techniques of semi-supervised learning, Bootstrapping, data grouping, AdaBoost, ensemble learning. Firstly, we adopt a small amount of labeled data in the target domain to generate a number of virtual data by using synthetic minority over-sampling technique. On this basis, we can obtain more data with high credibility label in the target domain by using Bootstrapping method. In the aspect of classifier construction, we firstly make an equivalent quantity partition to the labeled data in the source domain, and combine each part with the labeled data in the target domain to form the corresponding combined data sets. Corresponding to each combined data set, a classifier is trained, and it is then promoted by AdaBoost method. At last, these classifiers corresponding to the combined data sets are linearly integrated into an ensemble classifier. The experimental results on four data sets from Amazon online shopping reviews corpora indicate that the proposed method can improve the accuracy of cross-domain sentiment transformation effectively.	2015	0.3333333333
Sentence sentiment classification using fuzzy word matching combined with fuzzy sentiment classifier	Abstract This article focuses on semantic tagging of content in terms of sentimental meaning which may often lead to ambiguities between the primary sense of the word and its meaning in a particular expression. To address this issue, a specially modified Levenshtein distance algorithm for suffix-mitigation was used to measure similarity of words. Sentence sentiment classification was based on fuzzy logic approach and a fuzzy classifier. The presented method was experimentally tested with the sentimental analysis of selected sentences in the Polish language. Limitations of the presented method and possible improvements are discussed. 漏 2005, Wydawnictwo SIGMA - N O T Sp. z o.o. All right reserved.	2015	0.3333333333
Fine grained sentiment classification of customer reviews using computational intelligent technique	Online reviews are now popularly used for judging quality of product or service and influence decision making of users while selecting a product or service. Due to innumerous number of customer reviews on the web, it is difficult to summarize them which require a faster opinion mining system to classify the reviews. Many researchers have explored various supervised and unsupervised machine learning techniques for binary classification of reviews. Compared to these techniques, fuzzy logic can provide a straightforward and comparatively faster way to model the fuzziness existing between the sentiment polarities classes due to the ambiguity present in most of the natural languages. But the fuzzy logic techniques are less explored in this domain. Hence in this paper, a fuzzy logic model based on the most popularly known sentiment based lexicon SentiWordNet has been proposed for fine grained classification of the reviews into weak positive, moderate positive, strong positive, weak negative, moderate negative and strong negative classes. Experiments have been conducted on datasets containing reviews of electronic products namely smart phones, LED TV and laptops and have shown to provide fine grained classification accuracy approximately in the range of 74% to 77%.	2015	0.3333333333
A Survey of Machine Learning Techniques for Sentiment Classification	Opinion Mining also called as Sentiment Analysis is a process that provides with the subjective information for the text provided. In other words we can say that it analyzes person's opinion, evaluations, emotions, appraisals, etc. towards a particular product, event, issue, service, topic, etc. This paper focuses on the machine learning techniques used for sentiment analysis and opinion mining. These methods are further compared on the basis of their accuracy, advantages and limitations.	2015	0.3333333333
Sentiment classification of Roman-Urdu opinions using Navie Baysian, Decision Tree and KNN classification techniques	Sentiment mining is a field of text mining to determine the attitude of people about a particular product, topic, politician in newsgroup posts, review sites, comments on facebook posts and twitter etc. There are many issues involved in opinion mining. One important issue is that opinions could be in different languages (English, Urdu, Arabic etc.). To tackle each language according to its orientation is a challenging task. Most of the research work in sentiment mining has been done in English language. Currently, limited research is being carried out on sentiment classification of other languages like Arabic, Italian, Urdu and Hindi. In this paper, three classification models are used for text classification using Waikato Environment for Knowledge Analysis (WEKA). Opinions written in Roman-Urdu and English are extracted from a blog. These extracted opinions are documented in text files to prepare a training dataset containing 150 positive and 150 negative opinions, as labeled examples. Testing data set is supplied to three different models and the results in each case are analyzed. The results show that Na茂ve Baysian outperformed Decision Tree and KNN in term of more accuracy, precision, recall and f-measure.	2015	0.3333333333
A feature selection model based on genetic rank aggregation for text sentiment classification	Sentiment analysis is an important research direction of natural language processing, text mining and web mining which aims to extract subjective information in source materials. The main challenge encountered in machine learning method-based sentiment classification is the abundant amount of data available. This amount makes it difficult to train the learning algorithms in a feasible time and degrades the classification accuracy of the built model. Hence, feature selection becomes an essential task in developing robust and efficient classification models whilst reducing the training time. In text mining applications, individual filter-based feature selection methods have been widely utilized owing to their simplicity and relatively high performance. This paper presents an ensemble approach for feature selection, which aggregates the several individual feature lists obtained by the different feature selection methods so that a more robust and efficient feature subset can be obtained. In order to aggregate the individual feature lists, a genetic algorithm has been utilized. Experimental evaluations indicated that the proposed aggregation model is an efficient method and it outperforms individual filter-based feature selection methods on sentiment classification.	2015	0.3333333333
Content-Specific Unigrams and Syntactic Phrases to Enhance SentiWordNet based Sentiment Classification	ABSTRACT  Sentiment classification intelligently detects the polarity of documents by ascertaining polar values encapsulated in the document to classify them into positive and negative sentiments. Machine learning classifier completely relies on the feature set orientations. SentiWordNet is a lexical resource where each term is associated with numerical scores for subjective and objective sentiment information. SentiWordNet based sentiment classifier uses sentiment features generated from 7% subjective terms available in the resource. Sentiment features bear generic orientation for multiple domains but lacks comprehensive coverage e.g. Text unit with null or few sentiment features reflects ambiguous or null sentiments. Use of content specific unigrams and syntactic phrases along with sentiment features ensures consistency in the classification while enhancing the performance paradigm. Model proposed in this research is validated on sentiment and polarity datasets. Results of this research, completely out performs previous approaches and methods.	2015	0.3333333333
Using Feature Selection in Combination with Ensemble Learning Techniques to Improve Tweet Sentiment Classification Performance	Performing sentiment analysis of tweets by training a classifier is a challenging and complex task, requiring that the classifier can correctly and reliably identify the emotional polarity of a tweet. Poor data quality, due to class imbalance or mislabeled instances, may negatively impact classification performance. Ensemble learning techniques combine multiple models in an attempt to improve classification performance, especially on poor quality or imbalanced data, however, these techniques do not address the concern of high dimensionality present in tweets sentiment data and may require a prohibitive amount of resources to train on high dimensional data. This work addresses these issues by studying bagging and boosting combined with feature selection. These two techniques are denoted as Select-Bagging and Select-Boost, and seek to address both poor data quality and high dimensionality. We compare the performance of Select-Bagging and Select-Boost against feature selection alone. These techniques are tested with four base learners, two datasets and ten feature subset sizes. Our results show that Select-Boost offers the highest performance, is significantly better than using no ensemble technique, and is significantly better than Select-Bagging for most learners on both datasets. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first study to focus on the effects of using ensemble learning in combination with feature selection for the purpose of tweet sentiment classification.	2015	0.3333333333
Improving Sentiment Classification Accuracy of Financial News Using N-Gram Approach and Feature Weighting Methods	Sentiment classification of financial news deals with the identification of positive and negative news so that they can be applied in decision support system to perform stock trend predictions. This paper explores several types of feature space as different datasets for sentiment classification of the news article. Experiments are conducted based on n-gram approach (unigram, bigram and the combination of unigram and bigram) used as feature extraction with different feature weighting methods, while, document frequency (DF) is used as feature selection method. We performed experiments to measure the classification accuracy of support vector machine (SVM) with two kernel methods of linear and Radial Basis Function (RBF). Results showed that an efficient feature extraction increased classification accuracy when it is used as a combination of unigram and bigram. Moreover, we also found that DF can be applied as a dimension reduction method to reduce the feature space without loss of accuracy.	2015	0.3333333333
Sentiment Classification of Portuguese News Headlines	This paper addresses the problem of classifying news headlines into sentiment categories. Using a supervised approach, we train a classifier for classifying each news headline as positive, negative, or neutral. A news headline is considered positive if it is associated with good things, negative if it is associated with bad things, and neutral in the remaining cases. The experiments show an accuracy that ranges from 59.00% to 63.50% when syntactic features (argument1-verb-argument2 relations) are combined with other features. The accuracy ranges from 57.50% to 62.5% when these relations are not used.	2015	0.3333333333
DocumentModeling with Convolutional-Gated Recurrent Neural Network for SentimentClassification	Document modeling with convolutional- gated recurrent neural network for sentiment classification [ C ]// Proceedings of the 2015 Conference on Empirical Methods in Natural Language Processing. Stroudsburg, PA: Association for Computa- tional...	2015	0.3333333333
A Method for User Sentiment Classification using Instagram Hashtags	In recent times, studies sentiment analysis are being actively conducted by implementing natural language processing technologies for analyzing subjective data such as opinions and attitudes of users expressed on the Web, blogs, and social networking services (SNSs). Conventionally, to classify the sentiments in texts, most studies determine positive/negative/neutral sentiments by assigning polarity values for sentiment vocabulary using sentiment lexicons. However, in this study, sentiments are classified based on Thayer's model, which is psychologically defined, unlike the polarity classification used in opinion mining. In this paper, as a method for classifying the sentiments, sentiment categories are proposed by extracting sentiment keywords for major sentiments by using hashtags, which are essential elements of Instagram. By applying sentiment categories to user posts, sentiments can be determined through the similarity measurement between the sentiment adjective candidates and the sentiment keywords. The test results of the proposed method show that the average accuracy rate for all the sentiment categories was 90.7%, which indicates good performance. If a sentiment classification system with a large capacity is prepared using the proposed method, then it is expected that sentiment analysis in various fields will be possible, such as for determining social phenomena through SNS.	2015	0.3333333333
An combined sentiment classification system for SIGHAN-8	This paper describes our system (MSI- IP THU) used for Topic-Based Chinese Message Polarity Classification Task in SIGHAN-8. In our system, a lexicon- based classifier and a statistical machine learning-based classifier are built up, fol- lowed by a linear combination of these t- wo models. The overall performance of the proposed framework ranks in the mid- dle of all terms participating in the task.	2015	0.3333333333
An improved K-nearest-neighbor algorithm using genetic algorithm for sentiment classification	Sentiment classification is to find the polarity of product or user reviews. Supervised machine learning algorithms are used for opinion mining such as Navie Bayes, K-nearest neighbor and Support vector machine. KNN is simple algorithm but less efficient classification algorithm. In this paper we propose an improved KNN algorithm, genetic algorithm is developed which is a hybrid genetic algorithm that incorporates the information gain for feature selection and combined with KNN to improve its classification performance. Specifically, we compared other supervised machine learning approaches such as Navie Bayes and traditional kNN for Sentiment Classification of movie reviews and book reviews. The experimental results using genetic algorithm with improved indicate high performance levels with Fmeasure of over 87% on the movie reviews.	2015	0.3333333333
A Comparative Study of Feature Selection and Machine Learning Methods for Sentiment Classification on Movie Data Set	Sentiment analysis has become a leading research domain with the advent of Web 2.0 where Web users express their opinions in user forums, blogs, discussion boards, and review sites. The online information is considered to be a valuable source for decision making, improving the quality of service, and helping the service providers to enhance their competitiveness. Since the processing of high-dimensional text data is not scalable, different feature selection mechanisms are being used to confine the study to only most informative features. These features are then used to train the classifier to improve the accuracy of sentiment-based classification. This paper explores six feature selection mechanisms (IG, GR, CHI, OneR, Relief-F, and SAE) with five different machine learning classifiers (SVM, NB, DT, K-NN, and ME) thereby providing Accuracy, on the movie review data set for each. Comparative results show that Naive Bayes (NB) outperforms other classifiers and works better for Gain Ratio (GR) and Significance Attribute Evaluation (SAE) feature selection method.	2015	0.3333333333
Review-Level Sentiment Classification with Sentence-Level Polarity Correction	We propose an effective technique to solving review-level sentiment classification problem by using sentence-level polarity correction. Our polarity correction technique takes into account the consistency of the polarities (positive and negative) of sentences within each product review before performing the actual machine learning task. While sentences with inconsistent polarities are removed, sentences with consistent polarities are used to learn state-of-the-art classifiers. The technique achieved better results on different types of products reviews and outperforms baseline models without the correction technique. Experimental results show an average of 82% F-measure on four different product review domains.	2015	0.3333333333
Hybrid model based sentiment classification of Chinese micro-blog	Through analysis and study of emotional characteristics in Chinese micro-blog, such as Sina Weibo, this paper proposed a multidimensional sentiment classification method based on micro-blog emoticon by dividing micro-blog into 7 types of emotions categories: happiness, fondness, sorrow, anger, fear, detestation and surprise. We used predefined micro-blog emoticon sets to initial screen large-scale unmarked data, and automatically labeled them, then used this emotional corpus as training set to train the emotion classifier, which divided micro-blog data into multiple emotion categories. The experimental results show that accuracy rate of using unigram model for each class can reach 63.7%. And the adoption of different feature selection methods for Support Vector Machines and Naive Bias classifier experiment, by which the obtained accuracy rate and recall rate has reached higher than 71%.	2015	0.3333333333
No sentiment is an Island: Sentiment classification on medical forums	ABSTRACT  In this study we propose a new method to classify sentiments in messages posted on online forums. Traditionally, sentiment classification relies on analysis of emotionally-charged words and discourse units found in the classified text. In coherent online discussions, however, messages’ non-lexical meta-information can be sufficient to achieve reliable classification results. Our empirical evidence is obtained through multi-class classification of messages posted on a medical forum.	2015	0.3333333333
Sentiment Classification with Graph Sparsity Regularization	Text representation is a preprocessing step in building a classifier for sentiment analysis. But in vector space model (VSM) or bag-of -features (BOF) model, features are independent of each other when to learn a classifier model. In this paper, we firstly explore the text graph structure which can represent the structural features in natural language text. Different to the BOF model, by directly embedding the features into a graph, we propose a graph sparsity regularization method which can make use of the the graph embedded features. Our proposed method can encourage a sparse model with a small number of features connected by a set of paths. The experiments on sentiment classification demonstrate our proposed method can get better results comparing with other methods. Qualitative discussion also shows that our proposed method with graph-based representation is interpretable and effective in sentiment classification task.	2015	0.3333333333
Personality based public sentiment classification in microblog	In recent years, microblog has become one of the most widely used social media for people to exchange ideas and express emotions. As information propagates fast in social network, it's crucial for governments and public agencies to effectively monitor public sentiment implied in user-generated content. Most previous work of public sentiment analysis takes tweets of different users as a whole without considering the diverse word use of people. Thus, some sentiment words may be neglected in the process of analysis because they are only used by people of specific groups. Inspired by previous psychological findings that personality influences the ways people write and talk, we propose a personality based sentiment classification method. In order to capture more useful but not widely used sentiment words, our approach extracts textual features for people of different personality traits based on the Big Five model. Moreover, we adopt an ensemble learning strategy to utilize both personality related and commonly used textual features. Experimental study shows the effectiveness of our method.	2015	0.3333333333
A Survey of Sentiment Classification Techniques	Sentiment classification is an ongoing field and interesting area of research because of its application in various fields collecting review from people about products and social and political events through the web. Currently, Sentiment Analysis concentrates for subjective statements or on subjectivity and overlook objective statements which carry sentiment(s). During the sentiment classification more challenging problem are faced due to the ambiguous sense of words, negation words and intensifier. Due to its importance the correct sense of target word is extracted and determined for which the similarity arise in WordNet Glosses. This paper presents a survey covering the techniques and methods in sentiment analysis and challenges appear in the field.Keywords: Sentiment classification, Word sense disambiguation, Intensifier, SentiWordNet, WordNet_______________________________________________________________________________________________________	2015	0.3333333333
